file: 3660-172183-0000.flac
expected: geraint as he had been used to do when he was at arthur's court frequented tournaments
	layer_2: drained as he ad been usedto do when he was hat out thas court frequent to ternaments
	layer_4: draint as he had been used to do when he was it out thi's court frequenteternaments
	layer_6: draint as he had been used to do when he was at othor's court frequent e ternaments
	layer_8: drant as he had been used to do when he was at athor's court frequented tournaments
	layer_10: drant as he had been used to do when he was at arthor's court frequented tournaments
	layer_12: drant as he had been used to do when he was at arthor's court frequented tournaments

file: 3660-172183-0001.flac
expected: before geraint the scourge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_2: befored uraint the scord tof th enemy i saw steeds white with thom and after the shout of battle a farful torent
	layer_4: before duraint the scorg of the enemy i saw steeds white with fome and after the shout of battle a farful torrent
	layer_6: before duraint the scorge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fairful torrent
	layer_8: before durant the scorge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_10: before jurrant the scourged of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_12: before jurant the scourged of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent

file: 3660-172183-0002.flac
expected: these tidings came to erbin
	layer_2: these tidings camedo erben
	layer_4: these tidings came to erben
	layer_6: these tidings came to erbon
	layer_8: these tidings came to urban
	layer_10: these tidings came to urban
	layer_12: these tidings came to urban

file: 3660-172183-0003.flac
expected: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_2: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there was nothing wat ha fol un to me the thiss
	layer_4: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there ias nothing wa hayteful unto me than this
	layer_6: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing wat hateful unto me than this
	layer_8: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_10: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_12: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this

file: 3660-172183-0004.flac
expected: and the tears she shed and the words she had spoken awoke him
	layer_2: and the tias she said in the word she hd s poken a wa him
	layer_4: and the tis she said in the word she had spoken awalke him
	layer_6: and the tis she said in the word she had spoken tawele ime
	layer_8: and thet tis she said in the words she had spoken o welcome
	layer_10: and the tis she said in the words she had spoken o welcome
	layer_12: and the tis she said in the words she had spoken o welcome

file: 3660-172183-0005.flac
expected: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say
	layer_2: and evill betied me said he if thou returnesd her auntill thou nosed whether ihaof los my streng so complyly as thou dis say
	layer_4: and evil be tied me said he if thou returnast he until thou knowsetd whether i have los my strength so compleely as thou dist say
	layer_6: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowset whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou distsay
	layer_8: an evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou dist say
	layer_10: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say
	layer_12: an evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say

file: 3660-172183-0006.flac
expected: then geraint went to see erbin
	layer_2: then durain went to see erban
	layer_4: then duraint went to see erbin
	layer_6: then deraint went to see urban
	layer_8: then gerant went to see urbon
	layer_10: then jerant went to see urban
	layer_12: then jerant went to see urban

file: 3660-172183-0007.flac
expected: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_2: sir said he i'nd going upon a quest and i me not certain hen i may come back
	layer_4: sir said he i 'm going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_6: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_8: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_10: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_12: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back

file: 3660-172183-0008.flac
expected: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_2: take heed therefo un to thi possestions untill my return
	layer_4: take he therefore unto they possessions until my return
	layer_6: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_8: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_10: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_12: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return

file: 3660-172183-0009.flac
expected: but one person only will go with me
	layer_2: but one peroson only weol gout me
	layer_4: but one person only will got me
	layer_6: but one person only well got me
	layer_8: but one person only will got me
	layer_10: but one person only will gote me
	layer_12: but one person only will guat me

file: 3660-172183-0010.flac
expected: and he desired enid to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_2: and he desiede en ittamount her hose and to rie foad ind toe keep a long way befvore him
	layer_4: and he deside enteta mount her horse and to ride forward in to keep a long way befvore him
	layer_6: and he deside eina to mount her horse and to ride forward ind to keep a long way before him
	layer_8: and he desied enad to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_10: and he desired ena to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_12: and he desired enah to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him

file: 3660-172183-0011.flac
expected: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_2: and un less i speak un to thy say not thou one word ether
	layer_4: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_6: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_8: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_10: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_12: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either

file: 3660-172183-0012.flac
expected: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat and my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_2: and though thou shut's deside a see miyh tefet in my death by the hands ofthose men yet tawie fheol no dred
	layer_4: and though thou shouds deside o see my defey in my death by the hands of those men yet do wife feel no dread
	layer_6: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those man yet do i feel no dread
	layer_8: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_10: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_12: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread

file: 3660-172183-0013.flac
expected: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_2: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_4: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_6: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_8: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_10: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_12: and he received him and that not feebly

file: 3660-172183-0014.flac
expected: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_2: ind saye not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_4: and say not one word onto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_6: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_8: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_10: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_12: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee

file: 3660-172183-0015.flac
expected: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire
	layer_2: i will do is far as i can lo and said she accoring to thi dsire
	layer_4: i will do as far as i can la and said she according to thy desire
	layer_6: i will do as far as i canlawd said she according to thy desire
	layer_8: i will do as far as i can lod said she according to thy desire
	layer_10: i will do as far as i can lod said she according to thy desire
	layer_12: i will do as far as i can lod said she according to thy desire

file: 3660-172183-0016.flac
expected: ah maiden said he it is vain to attempt proceeding forward
	layer_2: i made n said he it his vain to attemperceeting fowad
	layer_4: i maden said he it his vain to a temperoceeding forward
	layer_6: i maiden said he it is vain to a temproceeding forward
	layer_8: i maiden said he it is vain to a temproceeding forward
	layer_10: i maiden said he it is vain to a temp proceeding forward
	layer_12: i maiden said he it is vain to a tem proceeding forward

file: 3660-172183-0017.flac
expected: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore watch the horses and sleep not
	layer_2: i cannot by any meand re frand from sleepe throgh wearines said he do thoue therefur wash the horses ind slepe not
	layer_4: i cannot by any means refrand from sleep through wearines said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_6: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_8: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_10: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_12: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not

file: 3660-172183-0018.flac
expected: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_2: it when hoeu saw the done a day appar she looked around erd to seif hou wele waking an therupon he walke
	layer_4: ad whent shoe saw the dan o day appair she a looked around e to see if he wilel waking end thereupon he wolke
	layer_6: and when she saw the dawn of day appeair she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_8: and when she saw the dawn of day af peair she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_10: and when she saw the dawn of day af peair she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_12: and when she saw the dawn of day ap peair she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke

file: 3660-172183-0019.flac
expected: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and mowers mowing the meadows
	layer_2: and they left thewood in the came to an opencountu with medals on one hand and mo was mowing the medows
	layer_4: and they left the wod and they came to an open countr wth meaddlws on one hand and mouas mowing the meldows
	layer_6: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and mos mowing the meadows
	layer_8: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and moas mowing the meadows
	layer_10: tan they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and moas mowing the meadows
	layer_12: then they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and moas mowing the meadows

file: 3660-172183-0020.flac
expected: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_2: my lord he added wi'lul be displeasingto the if i ask whenst thou come asd allsome
	layer_4: my lord he added will it be displeasing to the if i ask wence thou comas allsom
	layer_6: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whencet thou comest allso
	layer_8: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_10: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_12: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also

file: 3660-172183-0021.flac
expected: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_2: will thou fouol my counscilsaid the you tht and take the meel fror me
	layer_4: we'll hou fowlow my councel said the you th and take thy meal for me
	layer_6: wilt thou follow my councel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_8: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_10: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_12: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me

file: 3660-172183-0022.flac
expected: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_2: what sord of mel he anquie
	layer_4: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_6: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_8: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_10: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_12: what sort of meal he inquired

file: 3660-172183-0023.flac
expected: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_2: then they woshed and took their repesst
	layer_4: then they washed and took their repassed
	layer_6: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_8: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_10: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_12: then they washed and took their repast

file: 3660-172183-0024.flac
expected: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_2: i gon now lord s taid he to meet the night an to condect him to his lodgin
	layer_4: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to contuct him to his lordging
	layer_6: i go now lord said he to meet the night an to contuct him to his lodging
	layer_8: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_10: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_12: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to conduct him to his lodging

file: 3660-172183-0025.flac
expected: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_2: i will do lord said she as thou saset
	layer_4: i will do lord said she as thou saest
	layer_6: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_8: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_10: i will do lord said she as thou sayst
	layer_12: i will do lord said she as thou sayst

file: 3660-172183-0026.flac
expected: and after they had eaten and drank geraint went to sleep and so did enid also
	layer_2: and ef fer they hd eaten and drank drang went to sleep and soted in id also
	layer_4: and efter they had eaten and drank draim went to sleep and soded initd also
	layer_6: and after they had eaten and drank draine went to sleep and so did in it also
	layer_8: and after they had eaten and drank draine went to sleep and so did ean it also
	layer_10: and after they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and so did ean it also
	layer_12: and after they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and so did ean it also

file: 3660-6517-0000.flac
expected: the dates seem unimportant but throughout the period the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_2: the dae seem un inpot but throuht the paried the offsesand men of the ship have bean unrymitingly busy
	layer_4: the date seem unumpornt but throut the paried the offies and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_6: the date seem ununpont but throghout the parrid the offices and men of the ship havd been unremittingly busy
	layer_8: the date seem unimpont but throughout the period the offices and men of the ship had been unremittingly busy
	layer_10: the date seem unimpotened but throughout the period the offices and men of the ship had been unremittingly busy
	layer_12: the date seem unimpotned but throughout the period the offices and men of the ship had been unremittingly busy

file: 3660-6517-0001.flac
expected: bowers attacked the ship's stores surveyed relisted and restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_2: bows attack the shipstoos servaede re list and restoed them saiting very muhspaced by unsto agnumeos cases and stoing the contens in the lazer et
	layer_4: bows attack he shipstors surveede relist and restowled them saving very mush spaced by unstoig numerous cases and stoing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_6: bows attacked the ship'stoors surveyed relist an restowed them saving very much space by unstoignumerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_8: bows attacked the ship's stores surveyed relist and restowed them saving very much space by unstoing numerous cases in stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_10: bows attacked the ship's stores surveyed relited and re stowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_12: bows attacked the ship's stores surveyed relited and re stowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarete

file: 3660-6517-0002.flac
expected: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_2: without steem the lea cannow be kept under with the hand pon by two dealy efits of a quarter ofan our to twentyminutes
	layer_4: without steam the leea cannow be kept under with the hand pun by two darly effits of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_6: without steam the leak cannow be kept under with the handpump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_8: without steam the leak cannow be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_10: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_12: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes

file: 3660-6517-0003.flac
expected: as the ship was and in her present heavily laden condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day
	layer_2: as a ship was and an oa present heavily laid in condition whwould certainly ovf tak an threetifor iuas each day
	layer_4: as ae ship was and an har present heavily laid in condition  uld certainly hafe takeen three to four i was each day
	layer_6: as the ship was and in a present heavily laid in condition it would certainly have taken three to four hi as each day
	layer_8: as the ship was and in a present heavily laide in condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day
	layer_10: as the ship was and in a present heavily laid in condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day
	layer_12: as the ship was and in e present heavily laid in condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day

file: 3660-6517-0004.flac
expected: the large green tent was put up and proper supports made for it
	layer_2: the lige greentent was put up and proposofports made forige
	layer_4: the lige green tent was put up and proposof phorts made foritn
	layer_6: the lige green tent was put up and propers of forts made for
	layer_8: the large green tent was put up and proper suffortzs made for it
	layer_10: the large green tent was put up and proper supforts made for it
	layer_12: the large green tent was put up and proper supforts made for it

file: 3660-6517-0005.flac
expected: the engine room staff and anderson's people on the engines scientists were stowing their laboratories the cook refitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_2: the enjernhim staflf and anisnes people on the engins sigene tis wastoing their labirtorse the cookryfitting his gally and sulfoth ot a single spot but had is band of warkers
	layer_4: the engen oom staff an anicnes people on the engines sientes wa stowing their labertourge the cookrefitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of warkers
	layer_6: the enge oom staff and anesens people on the engines scientis was stowing their labarators the cookere fitting has galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_8: the engineroom staff an andison's people on the engines scientis was stowing their labarators the cookry fitting as galley and soforth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_10: the engine room' staff and andison's people on the engines scientists was stowing their laboratoris the cookry fitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_12: the engine room's staff and andison's people on the engines scientists was stowing their laboratories the cookry fitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers

file: 3660-6517-0006.flac
expected: the men's space such as it is therefore extends from the fore hatch to the stem on the main deck
	layer_2: the men s bace such as tis the areforextends from the forehach the sem on the main deck
	layer_4: the men space such as itis they arefore exstends from the fourhatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_6: the men' space such as itis therefore extends from the fourehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_8: the men' space such as i is therefore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_10: the men's space such as is therefore extends from the fore hatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_12: the men's space such as is therefore extends from the fore hatch the stem on the main deck

file: 3660-6517-0007.flac
expected: under the forecastle are stalls for fifteen ponies the maximum the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packed tight with fodder
	layer_2: undor the for casler sdalls we fifteen ponties temaxeon the space would hold the narow reguloa space and friont as pack tagt woitd fohter
	layer_4: under the fourcastleor stolls wor fifteen ponies the maxe on the space would hold the narrow irregulo space and front is pack tighte with fater
	layer_6: under the fourecastle or stalls fof fifteen ponies tle maxel on the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is pack tight with faodther
	layer_8: under the forecastle or stalls fof fifteen ponies tlhe maxele in the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packe tight with fodder
	layer_10: under the forecastle are stalls of fifteen ponies the maxillum this space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packed tight with fodder
	layer_12: under the forecastle are stalls of fifteen ponies the maxillum this space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packed tight with fodder

file: 3660-6517-0008.flac
expected: immediately behind the forecastle bulkhead is the small booby hatch the only entrance to the men's mess deck in bad weather
	layer_2: meetely behind the for castlabocate s a small blbehatch the only enjers to the men's mes tack and bad weather
	layer_4: meetely behind the forecastle bolcatas a small boubehatch the only enjes tof the men's mesteck and bad weather
	layer_6: immeetely behind the forecastle bulkade is a small booby hatch the only enges tof the men's mes teck and bad weather
	layer_8: immeeately behind the forecastle bulkhead is a small booby hatch the only enges tof the men's mesteck in bad weather
	layer_10: immediately behind the forecastle bulkhead is a small booby hatch the only enges to the men's messteck in bad weather
	layer_12: immediately behind the forecastle bulkhead is a small booby hatch the only enges to the men's mestek in bad weather

file: 3660-6517-0009.flac
expected: abaft the fore hatch is the ice house
	layer_2: abaft the forehachas the as hous
	layer_4: abeaf the fourhach es the ashouse
	layer_6: about the forehatch es the acehouse
	layer_8: abof the fourehatch s the ace house
	layer_10: abof the fore hatch is the ace house
	layer_12: abof the fore hatch is the ace house

file: 3660-6517-0010.flac
expected: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two carcases of mutton and three carcases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space
	layer_2: we manis hta get three tunes of ice one hundred sixy to cackases of motton and three cackases of bef besidesome boxses of swee breds and kid nes into thispace
	layer_4: we manue o get three tons of ice one hundred sixtly two cocises of motton and three cocases of beef besides some boxs of sweet breads and kiddneies into thi space
	layer_6: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cocasses of motton and three coccasses of beef beside some boxes of sweet breads and kiddneys into this space
	layer_8: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two caucases of mutton and three caucases of beef besides some boxs of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space
	layer_10: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two caucases of mutton and three caucases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space
	layer_12: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two caucases of mutton and three caucases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space

file: 3660-6517-0011.flac
expected: the sacks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deck cargo and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done
	layer_2: the sax mntantding this last ad i to the goods alreadyimension make a really heavy deck cago and one his natually axious concerning in but averytheing ther can be done by lashing ndscuring has ban done
	layer_4: the sax containding this last addi to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deck cago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but every thing thert can be done by lashing and scuring has ban done
	layer_6: the saxcontaining this last addide to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deck cago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything thet can be done by lashing and scuring has been done
	layer_8: the sacks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deckcago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and scuring has been done
	layer_10: the sacks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deckcago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done
	layer_12: the sacks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deckcago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done

file: 3660-6517-0012.flac
expected: forage i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed oaten hay from melbourne
	layer_2: forige irigilly orted thirty tons of compresst otan ha from melbon
	layer_4: forige irigilly orded thirty tons of compressed otin hay from melbone
	layer_6: forige iorigially ordered thirty tons of compressed oatan hay from melborne
	layer_8: forigh ioriginally ordered thirty tons of compressed ot and hay from melbourne
	layer_10: forwige ioriginally ordered thirty tons of compressed oat and hay from melbourne
	layer_12: forwich ioriginally ordered thirty tons of compressed oat and hay from melbourne

file: 3660-6517-0013.flac
expected: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_2: the seeme is wholy inchanting and such af view fom some shelted sunny corner ind a gaden which blaces with maces of red in goldend flous tensto feelingsof  in expressibale satis factor with all things
	layer_4: the sceeme is wholy inchanting an such a view fom some shelted sunny corner in a gaden which blace with mases of red ing golden flows tens to feelings of inex pressible setisfactin with all things
	layer_6: the sceme is holy enchanting in such a view from some shelted sunny corner in a gorden which blazes with masses of red ing golden flows tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_8: the scene is wholly enchanting in such a view from some shelted sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden floes tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_10: the scene is wholly enchanting in such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_12: the scene is wholly enchanting in such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things

file: 3660-6517-0014.flac
expected: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_2: a great nmas a peopl es sembled
	layer_4: a great mass a people assembled
	layer_6: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_8: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_10: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_12: a great mass of people assembled

file: 3660-6517-0015.flac
expected: k and i lunched with a party in the new zealand company's ship ruapehu
	layer_2: caan i lunch with the poty in the un an companys ship rerepowho
	layer_4: can i lunch with he paty in the dzealand company ship rpaho
	layer_6: caan i lunch with the party in the zealand company ship rupeho
	layer_8: ca an i lunch with ta party in the zealan companyship rupeho
	layer_10: cay and i lunch with the party in the zealand companyship rupeho
	layer_12: ca and i lunch with the party in the zealand companyship rupeho

file: 3660-6517-0016.flac
expected: telegram to say terra nova had arrived sunday night
	layer_2: telled ram to say terre nover had a rivse sundy night
	layer_4: telli gram to say terond overhad arrised sundy night
	layer_6: telegram to say tearinoverhead arised sunday night
	layer_8: telegram to say taranoverhad arised sunday night
	layer_10: telegram to say taranoverhad arrised sunday night
	layer_12: telegram to say taranoverhad arrised sunday night

file: 3660-6517-0017.flac
expected: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space hitherto occupied by the after winch
	layer_2: athird's ledgedands across the breake of the poop in thet space heir ther two arlcupied by the after wince
	layer_4: a thirdsledge stand across the breake of the poop ind thi space her ther two occupied by they after winch
	layer_6: a third sledge stands across the breake of the poop and the space here the two occupied by they afterwinch
	layer_8: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space heretheto occupied by the after wynch
	layer_10: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space hetherto occupied by the after winch
	layer_12: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space hetherto occupied by the after winch

file: 3660-6517-0018.flac
expected: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_2: the quantitise to ana have tons and te space occupie considerable
	layer_4: the quantitiuse to an a havf tons and the space occupie considerable
	layer_6: the quantity ised to an a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_8: the quantity s two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_10: the quantity is two and a half tuns and the space occupied considerable
	layer_12: the quantity is two and a half tuns and the space occupied considerable

file: 3660-6517-0019.flac
expected: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_2: the ship was ove a two feet by thestrn but this wall soon be remidid
	layer_4: the ship was of ea two feet by the sturn but this will soon be remenied
	layer_6: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remenied
	layer_8: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_10: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_12: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied

file: 3660-6517-0020.flac
expected: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelter is afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_2: they must perforce bechaned up and thy hre given whact shelters ta forted undeck but their position is not enviable
	layer_4: they must perforce be chained up and they hare given what shelters afforted on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_6: they must perforce be chained up and they hare given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_8: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_10: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_12: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable

file: 3660-6517-0021.flac
expected: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beast emits a long pathetic whine
	layer_2: i is a pathetic atituede deeply significan of cold ind misery casionly some pore be shumitta long pat thet ic ine
	layer_4: it is a pathetic aritude deeply significant of cold an misery casionaly some poor besumits a long patheticwine
	layer_6: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery casionally some poor bee s emits a long pathetic wine
	layer_8: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beasts umits a long pathetic wine
	layer_10: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beasts umits a long pathetic whine
	layer_12: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beasts umits a long pathetic whine

file: 3660-6517-0022.flac
expected: there are generally one or two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_2: there ire generly onetad two one watch which easus matters but it is e squash
	layer_4: there are goenealy anted two on watch which easus matters but it is a squash
	layer_6: there are generaly wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_8: there are generally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_10: there are generally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_12: there are generally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash

file: 3660-6517-0023.flac
expected: later in the day the wind has veered to the westward heading us slightly
	layer_2: later in the day the wint his vead to the west word hading a slaightly
	layer_4: later in the day the windt his vered to the westwood heating a slightly
	layer_6: later in the day the wint his veed to the westwoad heaing a slightly
	layer_8: later in the day the wind has veed to the westward heading us slightly
	layer_10: later in the day the wind has veed to the westward heading us slightly
	layer_12: later in the day the wind has vered to the westward heading us slightly

file: 3660-6517-0024.flac
expected: oates and atkinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_2: otan acconson with intermintinucistence fromothers or busi keeping te ponies on their legs
	layer_4: oaes an ackonson with intermitten asistance rom others were busi keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_6: oates and akinson with intermit in assistancs fom others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_8: oates and akenson with intermittend assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_10: oates and atkinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_12: oates and atkinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs

file: 3660-6517-0025.flac
expected: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and re lashing the petrol cases et cetera in the best manner possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_2: there was nothing forid but to graple with the evil in teaily all hands wle laboring for hours in the waite of the ship heeaving colle sexo r board and relashing the patural casees sedera an the best man a possible und te such difircult and dangers sircumsanses
	layer_4: there was nothing forw it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands wile laboring for hours in the weits of the ship heaving col sex overboard and relashing the petural cases setera an the best man a possible undte such difficult and dangers circumstances
	layer_6: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil an nearly all hands were laboring for hours in the weaihst of the ship heavhing coal secxs overboard and relashing the petral cases cetera and the best man i possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_8: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil ad nearly all hands were labouring for hours on the waihst of the ship heaving coal secx overboard and relashing the petral cases ecetera an the best man ir possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_10: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal sex overboard and relashing the petroal cases et cetera an the best man if possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_12: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal sex overboard and relashing the petral cases et cetera and the best man if possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances

file: 3660-6517-0026.flac
expected: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_2: no soon was some semblance of auder restoodthan some axceptionly heavywa would teraway the lashing and the work a to be dont all over again
	layer_4: no soone was some semblance of arder restored thand some exceptionally heavy wave would tearr way the lashing and the work had to be don all over again
	layer_6: no sooner was some semblance of orderestored than some exceptionally heavy waved would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_8: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_10: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_12: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again

file: 3660-6517-0027.flac
expected: from this moment about four a m the engine room became the centre of interest
	layer_2: from this moment about for i am the enderamn became the centr of entrest
	layer_4: from this moment about foriam the enjuroon became thee centre of interest
	layer_6: from this moment about for i m the anjroom became the centre of interest
	layer_8: from this moment about for a m the enger room became the centre of interest
	layer_10: from this moment about four a m the angiyn oom became the centere of interest
	layer_12: from this moment about four a m the angine room became the center of interest

file: 3660-6517-0028.flac
expected: the water gained in spite of every effort
	layer_2: the wat agang hi spite of every efft
	layer_4: the wategained his spite of every affot
	layer_6: the wad a gained is spite of every effot
	layer_8: the water gained is spite of every effot
	layer_10: the water gained in spite of every effort
	layer_12: the water gained in spite of every effort

file: 3660-6517-0029.flac
expected: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_2: the out look a paed grim
	layer_4: the out look a paed grim
	layer_6: the outlook a paed grim
	layer_8: the outlook eppaied grim
	layer_10: the outlooker paid grim
	layer_12: the outlooker paid grimm

file: 3660-6517-0030.flac
expected: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_2: the mount of waderwas has being made with the ship so rufhly handed was most an sertain
	layer_4: the amount of watder warce as being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_6: the amount of water whichis being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_8: the amount of water which is being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_10: the amount of water which is being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_12: the amount of water which is being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain

file: 3660-6517-0031.flac
expected: williams had to confess he was beaten and must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_2: willyums had to confessye was beaten int must droa firs what was to be done
	layer_4: william's had to confesshe was beaten it must draufies what was to be done
	layer_6: williams had to confess he was beaten in must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_8: williams had to confess he was beaten in must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_10: williams had to confess he was beaten it must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_12: williams had to confess he was beaten it must draw fires what was to be done

file: 3660-6517-0032.flac
expected: the bilge pump is dependent on the main engine
	layer_2: the builge prompersd epended on the main engion
	layer_4: the builg propbes ependet on the main engine
	layer_6: the builge propes depended on the main engine
	layer_8: the bilc prompes depended on the main engine
	layer_10: the bilch promp is dependent on the main engine
	layer_12: the bilch prompis dependent on the main engine

file: 3660-6517-0033.flac
expected: on one occasion i was waist deep when standing on the rail of the poop
	layer_2: on one occasion i as wa tdeep en standing on the rail of the fook
	layer_4: on one occasion i was wa tsteep whenstanding on the rail of the poook
	layer_6: on one occasion i was wat teep when standing on the rail of the fook
	layer_8: on one occasion i was wast deep when standing on the rail of the pok
	layer_10: on one occasion i was wast deep when standing on the rail of the pup
	layer_12: on one occasion i was wast deep when standing on the rail of the pu

file: 3660-6517-0034.flac
expected: the afterguard were organised in two parties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safeguard of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bale her out
	layer_2: the aftergod were organeizsd and two pid hi'sd by evans to work buckets the men wore kapt steadly going on the choked hand pumps the seemed all the culd be done forthe moment and at omeague o countas the sol safe gout of the ship from sinking practicaly in attemp to bail ar out
	layer_4: the after goad were organized and two pidies by evons to work buckets the men ware kapt steadily going on the choked hand pumps the seemed all the could be done for the moment and at ameagre account as the soule safe got of the ship from sinking practically in attempto bale a out
	layer_6: the after god were organized in two poties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all there could be done for the moment and wan a meague to count as the sole safe got of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bail or out
	layer_8: the after god were organized in two podies by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all there could be done for the moment and ote a measure to count as the soule safe go of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to baile or out
	layer_10: the after god were organized in two pordies by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all thate could be done for the moment and what a measure to ccount as the soule safe god of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to baile or out
	layer_12: the after god were organized in two pordies by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all thate could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the soule safegod of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to baile or out

file: 3660-6517-0035.flac
expected: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain
	layer_2: i ccasienly ar heavy see would beare one of the maway and he was anly sayve by his chan
	layer_4: occasionally a heavy see would bear one of the away and he was only save by his chain
	layer_6: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only save by his chain
	layer_8: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain
	layer_10: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only save by his chain
	layer_12: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain

file: 3660-172182-0000.flac
expected: now this is how arthur hunted the stag
	layer_2: now this s how ather hunded the stag
	layer_4: now this is how authur hunded th stagg
	layer_6: now this is how athur hunted the stag
	layer_8: now this is how athor hunted the stag
	layer_10: now this is how author hunted the stag
	layer_12: now this is how author hunted the stag

file: 3660-172182-0001.flac
expected: and the last dog that was let loose was the favorite dog of arthur cavall was his name
	layer_2: an the last daugd it was let lose was a favorit doga ather coveol was his name
	layer_4: in the last doggdtet was let loose was a favourite dog of ather cava was his name
	layer_6: in the last dogtat was let oose was a favourite dog of athor kava was his name
	layer_8: and the last dogdet was let loose was ta favorite dog of arthur carval was his name
	layer_10: and the last dog that was let loose was a favourite dog of arthur caval was his name
	layer_12: and the last dog that was let loose was a favourite dog of arthur caval was his name

file: 3660-172182-0002.flac
expected: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_2: then they sound of the deaph horn for slaying an they ilre gather roud
	layer_4: then they sound of the death horn for slaying and they all gathered roud
	layer_6: then they sounded the death hornd for slaying and they all gathered rod
	layer_8: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered roud
	layer_10: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_12: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round

file: 3660-172182-0003.flac
expected: one wished that it should be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_2: one wished that isho be givento the lady best beloved by him and anow that to the lady whom he loved bast
	layer_4: one wished that i sho be givento the lady best beloved by him and anotha to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_6: one wished that it sould be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_8: one wished that it hould be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_10: one wished that it hould be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_12: one wished that it should be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best

file: 3660-172182-0004.flac
expected: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of large stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armor
	layer_2: and after mi day they be held in unshapely little man upon i hose and after him a da ore  damsal also one hosbec and after her anight of ligestathure boud down and hanging is had low an sorrow fully an clad an broken and worthlss hammor
	layer_4: and after mid day they be held an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or damsel also on hosback and after her u knight of lige statur bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully an clad in broken and worthless armor
	layer_6: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on hoseback and after her a night of lige stature bowed down and hanging his head lowand sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour
	layer_8: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of loge stature bowed down and hanging his head loned sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour
	layer_10: and after mid day they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of lige stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour
	layer_12: and after mid day they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of lige stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour

file: 3660-172182-0005.flac
expected: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the knight whom geraint pursued and methinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_2: i know not ho they a said he but i kow said gene over this is the nigt hom duraint pasude and met thing that he comes not er by his on frew will
	layer_4: i know not who they are said he but i know said gin ofver this is the night whom jeraint pursuit and me things that he comes not hear by his own free will
	layer_6: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the night whom jeraint pursuid and met things that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_8: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenevere this is the knight whom gerain't pursuied and mee thinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_10: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenevar this is the knight whom gerant pursued and me thinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_12: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenevar this is the knight whom gereant pursued and me thinks that he comes not here by his own free will

file: 3660-172182-0006.flac
expected: but geraint has overtaken him and avenged the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_2: but juraintis ov a takenem in veng in sulv to the maiden to the utermost
	layer_4: but jurainters ovear taken om an ovengethe insult to the maiden to the utermost
	layer_6: but jurantas overtaken im an avenge the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_8: but gerant as overtaken im and avenge the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_10: but gerant has overtaken him and avenge the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_12: but gerant has overtaken him and avenge the insult to the maiden to the uttermost

file: 3660-172182-0007.flac
expected: lady said he at the gate there is a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_2: lady said he at the gate the ias a night and i sawan never a man of so pitifule and aspect to look upon as he
	layer_4: lady said he at the gate the was a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful and aspec to look upon as he
	layer_6: lady said he at the gate there wis a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful and aspect to look upon as he
	layer_8: lady said he at the gate there was a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_10: lady said he at the gate there was a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_12: lady said he at the gate there was a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he

file: 3660-172182-0008.flac
expected: i do said he he tells me that he is edeyrn the son of nudd
	layer_2: i do said he he tells me that he his edterin the sone of nod
	layer_4: i do said he he tells me that he is ederan the son of nod
	layer_6: i do said he he tells me that he is ederin the son of nood
	layer_8: i do said he he tells me that he is ederin the son of noud
	layer_10: i do said he he tells me that he is ederin the son of nud
	layer_12: i do said he he tells me that he is ederan the son of nud

file: 3660-172182-0009.flac
expected: then she replied i know him not
	layer_2: then she replied i know him not
	layer_4: thent he replied i know him not
	layer_6: then she replied i know him not
	layer_8: then she replied i know him not
	layer_10: then she replied i know him not
	layer_12: then she replied i know him not

file: 3660-172182-0010.flac
expected: so guenever went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_2: so gwone ofver went to the gat to meet him an he entwered
	layer_4: so goine of er went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_6: so goinover went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_8: so guenevore went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_10: so guenevar went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_12: so guenevar went to the gate to meet him and he entered

file: 3660-172182-0011.flac
expected: and geraint greets thee well and in greeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf now where did he overtake thee
	layer_2: and durain greets thy well and ngreeding the he compeld me e a comhither to do thiy pleasur  fir the insult which thy mad an receive from the dwaf no whertit hy ov atake thy
	layer_4: and duraint greeds theewell and engreeding the he compelle me to come hether to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy madeand receive from the dwarf no where did he overtake thee
	layer_6: and durraint greets he well and ingreeding the he compelled me to come hether to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy mad and receive from the dwarf no where did he overtake thee
	layer_8: and draint greets thee well and in greeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maidand receive from the dwarf no where did he overtake thee
	layer_10: and durant greets thee well and in greeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf nor where did he overtake thee
	layer_12: and durrant greets thee well and in greeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf nor where did he overtake thee

file: 3660-172182-0012.flac
expected: sir said she when thinkest thou that geraint will be here
	layer_2: srsaid she when think estdou that duraint will be her
	layer_4: sir said she when think esttow that duraintd will be here
	layer_6: sir said she when thinkest thou that jeraint will be here
	layer_8: sir said she when thinkest thou that gurant will be here
	layer_10: sir said she when thinkest thou that gorant will be here
	layer_12: sir said she when thinkest thou that girant will be here

file: 3660-172182-0013.flac
expected: to morrow lady i think he will be here with the maiden
	layer_2: twmorlasi think you wll beherewath he mateon
	layer_4: tomorow la i think you will be here wat the matdon
	layer_6: to moroley i think you will be here wit the maiden
	layer_8: to morowlay i think you will be here with the maiden
	layer_10: to morrow ay i think hou will be here with the maiden
	layer_12: to morrow ay i think you will be here with the maiden

file: 3660-172182-0014.flac
expected: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_2: i am word said he and have met with much trouble and received wouns unsupportable
	layer_4: i am lord said he and i ave met with much trouble and received wouns unsupportable
	layer_6: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wound's unsupportable
	layer_8: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_10: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_12: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable

file: 3660-172182-0015.flac
expected: well said arthur from what i hear it behooves guenever to be merciful towards thee
	layer_2: well thall at there from what i hearei behoese giver to be musful to ids the
	layer_4: well tall ather fom what i heare it behove gnver to be mercful toards thee
	layer_6: well tell ather from what i hear it behouves guenver to be merciful towards thee
	layer_8: well tell arthur from what i hear it behoves guenvir to be merciful towards thee
	layer_10: well tell arthur from what i hear it behoves guenver to be merciful towards thee
	layer_12: well tell arthur from what i hear it behoves guenver to be merciful towards thee

file: 3660-172182-0016.flac
expected: the mercy which thou desirest lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_2: the mort y which thou desiroeus lord said she will i egran to him since it isas insulting to the that an ineult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_4: the mercy which thou desirous lord said she will i grandt to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_6: the mercy which thou desirous lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_8: the mercy which thou desirous lord said she will i grant t him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_10: the mercy which thou desireus lord said she will i grant t him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_12: the mercy which thou desireus lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself

file: 3660-172182-0017.flac
expected: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_2: thus will be best to dot said ather let this man hade metcalecare antil it be known whether he may live
	layer_4: thus willl be best to dute said ather let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_6: thus will it be best to doth said other let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_8: thus will it be best to doth said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_10: thus will it be best to doth said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_12: thus will it be best to doth said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live

file: 3660-172182-0018.flac
expected: to guenever and her handmaidens said he
	layer_2: to gwefer rn her hand mid n said he
	layer_4: to guever ind her hand made and said he
	layer_6: to guetve her and her hand maden said he
	layer_8: to gue oe her in her handmaiden said he
	layer_10: to gwef her in her hand maidens said he
	layer_12: to gwef her in her hand maiden said he

file: 3660-172182-0019.flac
expected: and the steward of the household so ordered her
	layer_2: ind the steteof the househol so orded her
	layer_4: ind the stet of the househol so orded her
	layer_6: an the stead of the household so ordered her
	layer_8: and the stuwat of the household so ordered her
	layer_10: and the stuward of the household so ordered her
	layer_12: and the steward of the household so ordered her

file: 3660-172182-0020.flac
expected: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seem'd so like his own of modred arthur's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_2: and being young he changed himself and gruw to hate the sin that seemed so like ais on of modred ut the's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighing for the king
	layer_4: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of madred out thors nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_6: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of madrid ot the's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_8: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of madred athr's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_10: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of madred athor's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_12: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of madred athar's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king

file: 3660-172182-0021.flac
expected: and when geraint came to the place where guenever was he saluted her
	layer_2: in when dr and came to the place wa one ofv er was he salted er
	layer_4: at when duran came to the place woir gwine of her was he saluted her
	layer_6: and when jerain came to the place whig wene of her was he saluted her
	layer_8: and when jerane came to the place wheg ene of her was he saluted her
	layer_10: and when jeran came to the place wherg one of her was he saluted her
	layer_12: and when jerin came to the place wher one of her was he saluted her

file: 3660-172182-0022.flac
expected: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_2: then they wentiin in dhismounted
	layer_4: then they went in in dis mounted
	layer_6: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_8: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_10: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_12: then they went in and dismounted

file: 3660-172182-0023.flac
expected: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_2: heaven protec thy said ather and the walkm of haven be antr the
	layer_4: heaven protect the said ather and the walkam of heaven be untor thee
	layer_6: heaven protect thee said other and the walkome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_8: heaven protect thee said athur and the walcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_10: heaven protect thee said athur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_12: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee

file: 3660-172182-0024.flac
expected: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished edeyrn the son of nudd thou hast had a prosperous career
	layer_2: and ind his much asthouh has vanuishd ednuron the son of nud thou has had a prosperous carea
	layer_4: and in is much as thou has vanquishd ednyrin the son of nud thou hast had a prosperu's care
	layer_6: and inis much as thou hast vanquished ednyron the son of nud thou hast had a prosperos careea
	layer_8: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednurin the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous carer
	layer_10: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednurin the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous career
	layer_12: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednurin the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous career

file: 3660-172182-0025.flac
expected: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_2: and from that time tol became is wife
	layer_4: and from that time shou became his wife
	layer_6: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_8: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_10: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_12: and from that time she became his wife

file: 3660-172182-0026.flac
expected: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_2: and the madend took up her about in the pause and she had many compainions both menon women and the was no madein more steemed hand she in the island of briton
	layer_4: and the maid end took up her a boat in the palace and she had many companions both men ane women and there was no madeen more esteamed t an she in the island of britaon
	layer_6: and the maiden took up her aboadt in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_8: and the maiden took up her abod in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more steame than she in the island of britain
	layer_10: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteam than she in the island of britain
	layer_12: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteam than she in the island of britain

file: 3660-172182-0027.flac
expected: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_2: and h year and a second ana third he proceeded thus untill his fain had flowne over the face of the kingdom
	layer_4: and a year and a second an a third he proceeded thus until his fain had flowne over the face of the kingdom
	layer_6: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his feign had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_8: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fane had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_10: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_12: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom

file: 3660-172182-0028.flac
expected: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_2: and he greats the well has an uncli shu great es neph ou and as e vaslel should gret his lord
	layer_4: and he greets the well as an uncle sould greed is nephew and as a vassele should greet his lod
	layer_6: and he greets the well as an uncley should greed his nephew and as a vastl should greet his lord
	layer_8: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_10: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_12: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord

file: 3660-172182-0029.flac
expected: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolent towards him and covet his land and possessions
	layer_2: and the eigh bring chiefs knowing ti s grow inslluntwrd him and covrt his land and posessions
	layer_4: and the neigh boring chiefsknowing this grow incelentord him and covered his land and possessions
	layer_6: and the neighbouring chiefs knowing this grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_8: and the neighbouring chiefs knowing this grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_10: and the neighbouring chiefs knowing this grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_12: and the neighbouring chiefs knowing this grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions

file: 3660-172182-0030.flac
expected: and arthur told geraint the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said geraint be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embassy
	layer_2: and ot ther told yurand the cause of the mission andof the coming of the imbasates to him out of conwal truly said jrant be at to mi idvantaga disadvantage lod i will do accorting to thy well concerningtha sempacy
	layer_4: and othe told yurant the cause of the mission and of the coming of the imbascidis to him out of contwall truly said duraint beato myadvantage or disavantage lod i will do according to thy well concerning the sembasy
	layer_6: and atha told youraint the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassatos to him out of corntwall truly said juraint be it to myadvantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning the sempasy
	layer_8: and otha told you ain't the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said guraint be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning the sembassy
	layer_10: and otha told yer ain't the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said geraint be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embassy
	layer_12: and otha told yer ain't the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said geraint be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embassy

file: 3660-172182-0031.flac
expected: what discourse said guenever do i hear between you
	layer_2: what discourse said gineover to i hea between you
	layer_4: what discourse said gonover to i here between you
	layer_6: what discourse said ganever do i hear between you
	layer_8: what discourse said ganevar do i hear between you
	layer_10: what discourse said genevar do i hear between you
	layer_12: what discourse said gonevar do i hear between you

file: 3660-172182-0032.flac
expected: said geraint i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_2: said durainet i think i sihall have anough of knighthod with me and they sat forth
	layer_4: said derainet i think i shall have enough of nighthoaod with me and they sat forth
	layer_6: said deraint i think i shall have enough of nighthood with me and they sat forth
	layer_8: said ge raint i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_10: said gerant i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_12: said derraint i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth

file: 3660-172182-0033.flac
expected: and never was there seen a fairer host journeying towards the severn
	layer_2: and never was ti seen a faira hose journeing towardsteseveregn
	layer_4: and never was this seen a faire host journeing towards a severein
	layer_6: and never was there seen a fair of host journeying towards e severen
	layer_8: and never was there seen a fairah host journeying towards a severen
	layer_10: and never was there seen a faireh host journeying towards a severen
	layer_12: and never was there seen a faireh host journeying towards a severen

file: 3660-172182-0034.flac
expected: and he said to geraint i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominion for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_2: and he sai te jurant i am a feeble and a nageed man and walst i was able to maintaein the demeans for thee in an myself i dit so
	layer_4: and he said to jurant i am a feeble in an ag ed man and walst i was able to maintain the demeans for thee in for myself y did so
	layer_6: and he said to jurant i am a feeble in an aged man and whalst i was able to maintain the demeans for thee in for myself i did so
	layer_8: and he said to derent i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the demeaons for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_10: and he said to derent i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the domans for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_12: and he said to derent i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the domeans for thee and for myself i did so

file: 3660-172182-0035.flac
expected: and every one asked that which he desired
	layer_2: and thevery onet ousk that whal she desied
	layer_4: and every one asked that whath he desied
	layer_6: and everyone asked that whic she desied
	layer_8: and everyone asked that what she desired
	layer_10: and everyone asked that which she desired
	layer_12: and everyone asked that which she desired

file: 3660-172182-0036.flac
expected: and they were not long in giving so eager was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_2: and they we not long n giving so eagar was every wondeo besto gis and af those who came to askgifs non tepotted unsatisfied
	layer_4: and they were not long and giving so eage was every wone to bestol gifts and of those who came to ask ifs none depoted onsatisfied
	layer_6: and they were not long ind giving so eage was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none depotted unsatisfied
	layer_8: and they were not long in giving so eage was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_10: and they were not long in giving so eager was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_12: and they were not long in giving so eager was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied

file: 3660-172182-0037.flac
expected: then geraint sent ambassadors to the men of cornwall to ask them this
	layer_2: then draints and imbasses to the men of cornwa to asked themss
	layer_4: then derainsand ambasses to the men of cornwale to asked themness
	layer_6: then gerain send ambasses to the men of cornwall to as lhemis
	layer_8: then gerain send embasses to the men of cornwall to ask themis
	layer_10: then jerain send embassaos to the men of cornwall to ask them is
	layer_12: then geraine send embassaos to the men of cornwall to ask them is

file: 3660-172182-0038.flac
expected: and they all said that it would be the fulness of joy and honor to them for geraint to come and receive their homage
	layer_2: and they allsaid that i would be the fullnes of joan oner to them for yuraint to comon receiv their armage
	layer_4: and they al said that it would be the fullness of joyan honou to them for jurraint to come an receive their armage
	layer_6: and they all soid that it would be the fullness of joy and honour to them for jeraint to come and receive their ormage
	layer_8: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honour to them for geraint to come and receive their omage
	layer_10: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honour to them for gerant to come and receive their omage
	layer_12: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honour to them for gerant to come and receive their omage

file: 3660-172182-0039.flac
expected: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_2: so he receieve the omoge of such as where ther
	layer_4: so he received the ormage of such as were there
	layer_6: so he received the omage of such as were there
	layer_8: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_10: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_12: so he received the homage of such as were there

file: 3660-172182-0040.flac
expected: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away
	layer_2: and the day after the follows of oather and tened te goway
	layer_4: and the day after the follows of auther antened to go away
	layer_6: and the day after the follows of arthur intended to go away
	layer_8: and the day after the follows of arthur intended to go away
	layer_10: and the day after the followes of arthur intended to go away
	layer_12: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away

file: 116-288048-0000.flac
expected: a number of other dates were observed by the christian church at various times as the birthday of jesus the gospels give no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignorant about it
	layer_2: an thember o other dayts wer observed wort t a criction church iof verious times as the biertety ojeseusthey gos was givf no date and appear to be quite andcertain really ignar about it
	layer_4: a number of other dates were observed wit the crisct an church of various times is the birty of jesusthe gosst was give no date and apbear to be quite ancertain really ignor about it
	layer_6: a number of other dates were observed whir ta christian church of various times as the virty of jesus the goss was give no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignor about it
	layer_8: a number of other dates were observed where te christian church at various times as the birtda of jesus the goss was given no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignor about it
	layer_10: a number of other dates were observed wet the christian church at various times is the birthday of jesus the gots was given no date and appeare to be quite uncertain really ignort about it
	layer_12: a number of other dates were observed wot the christian church at various times is the birthday of jesus the goths was given no date and appeared to be quite uncertain really ignorat about it

file: 116-288048-0001.flac
expected: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_2: yeeaf there is no eviden e thay he was born a that day
	layer_4: yef there is no evidence that he was bornon that day
	layer_6: yeft there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_8: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_10: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_12: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day

file: 116-288048-0002.flac
expected: why this discrepancy in a historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_2: why t is discrecpment s tey in his storcl doccument to say nothing abolanspiration
	layer_4: why t is descrectments ty in his stori cal document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_6: why does discreptmens ty in historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_8: why does discreptmancy in historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_10: why does discrepancy in he historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_12: why does discrepancy in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration

file: 116-288048-0003.flac
expected: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod mary and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant messiah
	layer_2: again mateu says that to xcave the ebwle esigns of hairid maryinjosive wit the infent jesus flat in to egyt lops ays nothing abouthis herd flight nor of heris intantion o kil te infat ndesia
	layer_4: again matew says that to ecape the ebl designs of haried mary an josevh with the infant jesus flet into egypt loops has nothing about his hurrad flight nor of heros intention to kill the infentdesia
	layer_6: again matew says that to escape the egle designs of hered mariand joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt lupe as nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant dessiah
	layer_8: again matthew says that to escape the egl designs of herod maryan joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt lupsays nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant desciah
	layer_10: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod maryian joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant vesiah
	layer_12: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod marian joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luk says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant vesiah

file: 116-288048-0004.flac
expected: when we come to the more important chapters about jesus we meet with greater difficulties
	layer_2: hen he comn to the more importan chafters abodiesus we e wit quatter difficulties
	layer_4: when whe coune to them more important chappers ofbout jesus we meet with quiter difficulties
	layer_6: when we coune to them more important chapters ofbou jesus we meet with quat er difficulties
	layer_8: when we counet to the more important chapters about jesus we meet with guatter difficulties
	layer_10: when we come to the more important chapters about jesus we meet with greatter difficulties
	layer_12: when we come to the more important chapters about jesus we meet with greatter difficulties

file: 116-288048-0005.flac
expected: while it is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year
	layer_2: wy s always on o friday that the crusfictines commimerated the weaken which the day oaccuras very hfmngeure to year
	layer_4: why is always on afriday that the cruwcefictionos commimorated the weeken which the day occur as varys frm gour dto year
	layer_6: whye is always on a friday that the cruc fiction is commemerated the weak in which the day occur s varieus from yar to year
	layer_8: whie is always on a friday that the crucifixtion is commemorated the week in which the day occuris various from yar to year
	layer_10: while t is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varieus from year to year
	layer_12: while it is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occurs various from year to year

file: 116-288048-0006.flac
expected: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon allows thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun in the zodiac and the phases of the moon
	layer_2: good frida fhals not before this fpringiequrnoxs but as soon afer thi sprin equlnonc as the fuol moon lols thus making tha caculation to depin upon the position of the cgn n izultiec and the faes of the moon
	layer_4: good frada fales not before this pring equainoc but as soon after the spring equinoc is the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depaind upon the position of the sin an the zodiec and the fase of the moon
	layer_6: good frida falls not before the spring equanox but as soon after the spring equiox is the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depain upon the position of the sun an the zodiag and the phase of the moon
	layer_8: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun nd the zodieg and the phase of the moon
	layer_10: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after that spring equinox as the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun and the zodieac and the phases of the moon
	layer_12: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after tat spring equinox as the full moon lows thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun and the zodeac and the phases of the moon

file: 116-288048-0007.flac
expected: the pagan oestera has become the christian easter
	layer_2: the paken o steria has become e cristion easter
	layer_4: the pacen orsteria has become a christian easter
	layer_6: the paan austeria has become a christian easter
	layer_8: the pagan austeria has become a christian eastern
	layer_10: the pagan austeria has become a christian easter
	layer_12: the pagan austeria has become a christian eastern

file: 116-288048-0008.flac
expected: but in the absence of evidence origin offers the following metaphysical arguments against the sceptical celsus one
	layer_2: tlut in the abteins of evrancs ordgian offers of polly midip as wcao argumens igainses cepticalselces one
	layer_4: bet in the abstence of evidence orgin offers of follow metifas cao arguments aginstus keptical selses one
	layer_6: tet in the absence of evidence orgin offers of follown medifisichaol arguments againsthe ceptical celses one
	layer_8: that in the absence of evidence origin offers of following metaphoical arguments against thes keptical selsis one
	layer_10: ta in the absence of evidence origin offers thof following metaphsical arguments against the keptical cellses one
	layer_12: a in the absence of evidence origin offers thof following metaphosical arguments against the keptical cellses one

file: 116-288048-0009.flac
expected: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the mythus of jesus
	layer_2: if we are to have aniyg mothologt all he seems to argyou why objc to addin toit the misof jesus
	layer_4: if we are to have any mytholog te all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the mis of jesus
	layer_6: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the midss of jesus
	layer_8: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus
	layer_10: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus
	layer_12: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus

file: 116-288048-0010.flac
expected: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythical as he is himself
	layer_2: the immedit companens of geses appeare to be on mether hand as miti glas he is imself
	layer_4: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on mheather hand as miytt glas he is himself
	layer_6: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on mnether hand as myth gless he is himself
	layer_8: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on th eother hand as myth gles he is himself
	layer_10: te immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as myh glezhe is himself
	layer_12: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as myh glez he is himself

file: 116-288048-0011.flac
expected: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_2: ho was mathu it was mark
	layer_4: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_6: who was matthew who as mark
	layer_8: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_10: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_12: who was matthew who was mark

file: 116-288048-0012.flac
expected: who were john peter judas and mary
	layer_2: who were john peter juduse and mary
	layer_4: who were jahn peter judics and mary
	layer_6: who were john peter judis and mery
	layer_8: who were john peter judas and mery
	layer_10: who were john peter judas and mary
	layer_12: who were john peter judas and mary

file: 116-288048-0013.flac
expected: there is absolutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_2: there is abtialtly no evidenc sthat the ever existed
	layer_4: there is abtuatly no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_6: there is abjuately no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_8: there is abtutely no evidence that they ever exited
	layer_10: there is absolutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_12: there is absolutely no evidence that they ever existed

file: 116-288048-0014.flac
expected: if peter ever went to rome with a new doctrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_2: if peter everwant o ron with ano dockron hows t that no hic storian has take an not iv him
	layer_4: if peeter ever went to ron with he new dokrin houwsadt that no histstorian has takee noteof him
	layer_6: if peter ever went to ron with e new docrin howsetd that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_8: if peter ever went to rone with he new docrine hows it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_10: if peter ever went to rome with the new doctrine how's it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_12: if peter ever went to rome with the new doctrine how's it that no historian has taken note of him

file: 116-288048-0015.flac
expected: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_2: hereagain we see the presentce of a mith
	layer_4: he e again we see the presence of a mith
	layer_6: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_8: her again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_10: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_12: here again we see the presence of a myth

file: 116-288048-0016.flac
expected: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_2: he was the owy en his sa them
	layer_4: he was the only hont his saw them
	layer_6: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_8: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_10: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_12: he was the only one who saw them

file: 116-288048-0017.flac
expected: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_2: peter pall john jams jutie occupy the stage anmols exschusively
	layer_4: peter paul john james jutis acce py the stage almost exclusively
	layer_6: peter paul john james judis ackeep y the stage almost exclusively
	layer_8: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_10: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_12: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively

file: 116-288048-0018.flac
expected: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and historians of his time do not take notice of him
	layer_2: it is impasl to xplain wi the contimporarts of jesus the authers ind the his storian sef the se time you not take notice ofp him
	layer_4: it is impostle to explaine whyethe contemporaries of jesus the aulthurs ind the historiancsof these time you not take notice of him
	layer_6: it is impossibl to explain whie the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians of these time you not take notice of him
	layer_8: it is impossible to explain whye the contemporaries of jesus the authors ind the historians of thise time do not take notice of him
	layer_10: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors anhe historians of this time do not take notice of him
	layer_12: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors anhe historians sof this time do not take notice of him

file: 116-288048-0019.flac
expected: could they have been in a conspiracy against him
	layer_2: foul the had been a conpercy agnsthim
	layer_4: for they had beenin ha conspercy againstd him
	layer_6: for they had been in a conspircy against him
	layer_8: for they had been in a conspercy against him
	layer_10: for they had been in a consperacy against him
	layer_12: for they had been in a consperacy against him

file: 116-288048-0020.flac
expected: how else is this unanimous silence to be accounted for
	layer_2: how is us hiths imenim as soiensed b ocaulatd for
	layer_4: howus as hths imanimou soencet be accoutet for
	layer_6: how us as hthis umanimous silence to be accounted for
	layer_8: how us as this oumanimous sience to be accounted for
	layer_10: how els as this eumanimous science to be accounted for
	layer_12: how els has this eumanimous science to be accounted for

file: 116-288048-0021.flac
expected: how then are we to decide which of the numerous candidates for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_2: how hen a wy to decide which o ther a nummoros cenned its for divind honor should begivein ourvoats
	layer_4: how then are we to decideo which othe anumerous kennedats for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_6: how then are we to decide which of the anumerous kennadates for divine honours should be given our votes
	layer_8: how then are we to decide which of the inumerous kanedats for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_10: how then are we to decide which or the numerous candidates for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_12: how then are we to decide which of the numerous candidates for divine honors should be given our votes

file: 116-288048-0022.flac
expected: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained by the sword now and by hell fire hereafter
	layer_2: and such a fath is neverfree ie is always maiytainme but a sword now and by hel far her aftern
	layer_4: and such a faith is never free it is always maintan buyt a sword now and by heal far here after
	layer_6: and such a faith is never free it is always maintain but e sword now and by heal fir hereafter
	layer_8: and such a faith is never free it is always maintaind but the sword now and by hel far hereafter
	layer_10: and such faith is never free it is always maintained but ta sword now and by hell far hereafter
	layer_12: and such faith is never free it is always maintained but ta sword now and by hell far hereafter

file: 116-288048-0023.flac
expected: yet the most impossible utterances are put in jesus mouth
	layer_2: yef them most impossil udternces ore plt in eous mouth
	layer_4: yet the most impossible utterances oure putain e us mouth
	layer_6: yet the most impossible utterances are put injeths mouth
	layer_8: yet the most impossible utterances are pu inge's mouth
	layer_10: yet the most impossible utterances are put intu's mouth
	layer_12: yet the most impossible utterances are put ingu's mouth

file: 116-288048-0024.flac
expected: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the government of the universe to courtiers who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_2: only a mithicl egus condvertualy hand ovr the gonm a evers to corters who have potations to pressupon his attention
	layer_4: only a mythical jesous convertually hand over the goerm ath evers to qoarters who have petations to press upon his attention
	layer_6: only a mythical jesus convertually hand over the goverm at ievers to quarters who have potations to press upon his attention
	layer_8: only a mythical jesus coul virtually hand over the governmentot evers to quarters who have petations to press upon his attention
	layer_10: only a mythical jesus could vertually hand over the government f levers to quarters who have patitions to press upon his attention
	layer_12: only a mythical jesus could vertually hand over the government of levers to quarters who have patitions to press upon his attention

file: 116-288048-0025.flac
expected: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_2: morover ivf jesous could keep his promase there would be to day no miser n the world no orpans no childus mothers no shipprecks no flods no famens no azes no curipled children no ansanntey no wars no crim no ron
	layer_4: moreover if esus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childuss mothers no shipwricks no floods no famons no disease no cripled children no ansanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_6: moreover if jesas could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childess mothers no shipwricks no floods no famins no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_8: moreover if jesas could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childess mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_10: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_12: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong

file: 116-288048-0026.flac
expected: have these prayers been answered
	layer_2: havise prayers ben answered
	layer_4: heaves prayers been answered
	layer_6: heavy's prayers been answered
	layer_8: heavy's prayers been answered
	layer_10: heavy's prayers been answered
	layer_12: heavy's prayers been answered

file: 116-288048-0027.flac
expected: how many self deluded prophets these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_2: howme self o leade profets these extraving and claims haeve producetd
	layer_4: how ay self to lud propfets these extravang a claims have produced
	layer_6: how mamy self deluid profets these extravangant claims have produced
	layer_8: how any self deluid profits these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_10: how many self deluid profits these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_12: how many self deludied profits these extravagant claims have produced

file: 116-288048-0028.flac
expected: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_2: an who can ntum were the bieter ges aoppoaintments cause by sich en posipil promises
	layer_4: and who can number the biter ous appointments caused by such in possiple promises
	layer_6: and who can number the bittergsappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_8: and who can number the bitterdisappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_10: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_12: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises

file: 116-288048-0029.flac
expected: the same which the preachers of today give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was to be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_2: the samg uih appreacures of to dayagive he pared his ance with miny words and at leng said at the promise was re takieng with tho provision that whllwe asket for would begiven ive go tugt it for u good
	layer_4: the same which tha preacheres of to day give he paried his ans with many words and at lenk said tat the promise was retaken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if got thought it for our good
	layer_6: the same which the preachers of today give he paried his answr with many words and at length said that the promise was retaken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_8: the same which the preachers of to day give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_10: the same which the preachers of today give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was betaken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_12: the same which the preachers of today give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was betaken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good

file: 116-288048-0030.flac
expected: but he said if ye ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_2: fbert he said if hyo askenthnling in my name i will do it and if it weue not so i would have told you
	layer_4: ft he said if yeu ask enthiy in my name i will do it and if it woure not so i would have told you
	layer_6: but he said if he ask athnin in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_8: but he said if ye ask anthing in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_10: but he said if ye ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_12: but he said if ye ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you

file: 116-288048-0031.flac
expected: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_2: dhat he not mean just whet he said
	layer_4: did he not mean just whate he said
	layer_6: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_8: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_10: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_12: did he not mean just what he said

file: 116-288048-0032.flac
expected: self effort and not prayer is the remedy against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_2: self effort and not prayr is a rimi against egnants slavery poverty ind more degradation
	layer_4: self effort and not prayer is a rimid against egnurance slavery poverty and mor degradation
	layer_6: self effort and not prayer is ar remied against ignorance slavery poverty and morl degradation
	layer_8: self effort and not prayer is aremied against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_10: self effort and not prayer is arremmid against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_12: self effort and not prayer is arremmid against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation

file: 116-288046-0000.flac
expected: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth to others
	layer_2: but i anbetermi not oly eo kno if it is possible the hole trueth obout jesus but asoe to communicate that true thog others
	layer_4: but i am be termine not only to kno if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that trut thrugh others
	layer_6: but i am de termined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth hrou others
	layer_8: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth throgh others
	layer_10: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth through others
	layer_12: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth through others

file: 116-288046-0001.flac
expected: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_2: but there is more of a moral tonic an the open in can od disgcussion of a subjet like the onen hand then in the multitude o platitides
	layer_4: but there is more of a moral tonic and the open incan ad discussion of a subjecth like the one in hand than in ta multitude a platitudes
	layer_6: but there is more of a moraltonic and the open and cand ad discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_8: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and canda discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_10: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_12: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes

file: 116-288046-0002.flac
expected: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_2: i never delivera lecture in which ido not geiad draclyt or interectly if foulin fr x pression to my fath and everything tha s worly of fach
	layer_4: i never delive r alecture in which i do not ita directly or indirectly ive full enfore expression to my faith in everything tha is worly of fath
	layer_6: i never delive re lecture in which i do not githe directly or indirectly it full and frey expression to my faith in everything that is worly of faith
	layer_8: i never delive ra lecture in which i do not geither directly or indirectly if full and free expression to my faith ind everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_10: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_12: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith

file: 116-288046-0003.flac
expected: if i do not believe in dogma it is because i believe in freedom
	layer_2: if i o not believ en dogma is because i bleve in freetom
	layer_4: if i do not believe indogma is because i believe in freedom
	layer_6: if i do not believe in dogma is because i believe and freedom
	layer_8: if i do not believe in dogma is because i believe in freedom
	layer_10: if i do not believe indogma it is because i believe in freedom
	layer_12: if i do not believe indogma it is because i believe in freedom

file: 116-288046-0004.flac
expected: oh he tears down but does not build up is another criticism about my work it is not true
	layer_2: oh he taris down ber he'se not billd ut is an other crisesm a but my work it is not true
	layer_4: oh he tarrs down but he's not build up is another crist ism about my work it is not true
	layer_6: oh he tears down but he 's not build up is another cirisism about my work it is not true
	layer_8: oh he tears down but he is not build up is another crictism about my work it is not true
	layer_10: oh he tears down but he is not built up is another criticism about my work it is not true
	layer_12: oh he tears down but he is not built up is another criticism about my work it is not true

file: 116-288046-0005.flac
expected: no preacher or priest is more constructive
	layer_2: no preature appret es more constructive
	layer_4: no preacure a pret is more constructive
	layer_6: no preacher a preact is more constructive
	layer_8: no preacher a preat is more constructive
	layer_10: no preacher a preach is more constructive
	layer_12: no preacher a preach is more constructive

file: 116-288046-0006.flac
expected: clapping truth into jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_2: classhd and truth and jile yagin the mou of the stooned is at buildng up ortarrying down
	layer_4: clasheion truth an jail yagg in the mouth of the stonnent is that building up or tarying down
	layer_6: classping truth in jail yagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_8: clasping truth and jail yagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_10: clasping truth and a jail yagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_12: clasping truth and a jail yagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down

file: 116-288046-0007.flac
expected: when bruno lighted a new torch to increase the light of the world what was his reward the stake
	layer_2: when brinal lid a new torch to ancrease a lie of the world wholt was is re ward the stake
	layer_4: when brinl light a new torch to ancreased alie of the world wht was is eward the stake
	layer_6: when brinnel lihetd a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his freward the stake
	layer_8: when brynnel lied a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his feward the stake
	layer_10: when bryndold lighted a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his for ward the stake
	layer_12: when brynold lighted a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his for ward the stake

file: 116-288046-0008.flac
expected: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_2: caount yourrihtes polticl religious social intelectiual entelle which of them was coquret for you by ha prest
	layer_4: count your writes political religious social intellectual intel me which of them was coquret for you by the priest
	layer_6: count your rightes political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_8: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_10: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_12: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest

file: 116-288046-0009.flac
expected: i wish to tell you something
	layer_2: i with a tel you something
	layer_4: i which i tell you something
	layer_6: i wish i tell you something
	layer_8: i wish i tell you something
	layer_10: i wish i tell you something
	layer_12: i wish i tell you something

file: 116-288046-0010.flac
expected: but first let us be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer atheist and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_2: tbhe first liss be impersonal e opatits i reverent glass omer aithiest and infidall ar flung it a man not frompity bet from invy
	layer_4: but first less be impersonal the apathites ir reverent glasphamer einghtiest and infidele ar flung an a man not from pity but from invy
	layer_6: te first less be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer ainthiest and infidel are flung and a man not from pity but from invy
	layer_8: but first less be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer aintheist and infidel are flung in a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_10: but first less be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer antheist and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_12: but first lets be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer antheist and infidel are flung an a man not from pity but from envy

file: 116-288046-0011.flac
expected: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbor who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life wetting the open page before him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_2: not havin t a couriage r the industry of or neighbor who works like o busy be in the world of men an books searchin with ha swead of his brow for the reale bread of life whet hin mhe open page offord him with his tears pusiinto the wee hours the night his quest and maad but a fairst of all loves the leve of truth we ease are own indilant conscience wy klind him names
	layer_4: not having the courage ore the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy be in the world o min an books searching with a swead of his brow for the rel bread of life whet in the open page of fored him with his tears pushing into the we hours of the night his quest and mad ad but a fairist of all loves the love of truth we ease aure own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_6: not havin the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the swead of his brow for the real bread of life whet in the open page aford him with his tears pushing into the whe hours of the night his quest and matded byt the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_8: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life whet inthe open page afford him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_10: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life whet in the open page afford him with his tears pushing into the we hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_12: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life whet in the open page afford him with his tears pushing into the we hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names

file: 116-288045-0000.flac
expected: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups wending their way hither and thither
	layer_2: as i ap prose to city i heard belsringing and l later i fon the strets a stir with throngs of woldres people in family groups wynding ther way hither indithern
	layer_4: as i approced te city i heard bells ranging and alt later i found the streets a stir with throngs of wol dressed people in family groups winding their way hither ind thither
	layer_6: as i approachd the city i heard bells ringing and a ltle later i found the streets a stir with throngs of welld dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_8: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing ad alittle later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_10: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_12: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither

file: 116-288045-0001.flac
expected: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_2: looking about me i saw gentlement inm a neat black dress smiling and his hand extenen to me ewith great oar giality
	layer_4: looking about me i saw e gentlement in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extenedt to me with great corgiality
	layer_6: looking about me i saw a gentlemant in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_8: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_10: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_12: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality

file: 116-288045-0002.flac
expected: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_2: he must ave rilas iow was astranger and whished ho tinerd his hospbitallhy to me i aceptid at grateflly i clased his hand he pressed mine
	layer_4: he must ave rillasd i was a stranger and wished ho tiner his hospital he to me i accept id it gratefully i classed his hand he pressed mine
	layer_6: he must have reiallized i was a stranger and wished to tinor his hospitality to me i acceptit it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_8: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_10: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_12: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine

file: 116-288045-0003.flac
expected: we gazed for a moment silently into each other's eyes
	layer_2: we gazed for momuslightlainto egto ther's eyes
	layer_4: we gazed for a moments slightly into ea e others eyes
	layer_6: we gazed for a moments slightly into each other's eyes
	layer_8: we gazed for a moment slightly into each other's eyes
	layer_10: we gazed for a moment slightly into each other's eyes
	layer_12: we gazed for a moment slightly into each other's eyes

file: 116-288045-0004.flac
expected: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_2: of coure you re going their too i said to my ferimtly gid
	layer_4: of course you are going their too i said to my feriently guide
	layer_6: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_8: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_10: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_12: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide

file: 116-288045-0005.flac
expected: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_2: yes hanswered i cannope the worshon i am apriesed
	layer_4: yes he answered i cannotk the worsha i am apriest
	layer_6: yes he answered i cannuct the worship i am a priest
	layer_8: yes he answered i connuct the worship i am a priest
	layer_10: yes he answered i connuct the worship i am a priest
	layer_12: yes he answered i connuct the worship i am a priest

file: 116-288045-0006.flac
expected: an idol i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_2: an itle i  whicherd taken me sarprise
	layer_4: an idole i whisered taken by surprise
	layer_6: an idole i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_8: an idol i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_10: an idol i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_12: an idol i whispered taken by surprise

file: 116-288045-0007.flac
expected: they worshipped gods that did not exist
	layer_2: they wrsha god tha id not exist
	layer_4: they worshop god they did not exist
	layer_6: they worshiped god they did not exist
	layer_8: they worshiped god they did not exist
	layer_10: they worshipped god they did not exist
	layer_12: they worshipped god they did not exist

file: 116-288045-0008.flac
expected: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamoring in my breast
	layer_2: bhat the greeks love their gods o protested my hear clawmin my breasd
	layer_4: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamrin my breast
	layer_6: but the greeks love their gods i protested my heart clamrin my breast
	layer_8: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamberin my breast
	layer_10: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamor in my breast
	layer_12: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamourin my breast

file: 116-288045-0009.flac
expected: no i said in a low voice
	layer_2: no i said in a lowe voice
	layer_4: no i said in a low voice
	layer_6: no i said in a low voice
	layer_8: no i said in a low voice
	layer_10: no i said in a low voice
	layer_12: no i said in a low voice

file: 116-288045-0010.flac
expected: he was an idol then and not a god
	layer_2: he was an ivon then and not a god
	layer_4: he was an idle then and not a god
	layer_6: he was an idle then and not a god
	layer_8: he was an idol then and not a god
	layer_10: he was an idol then and not a god
	layer_12: he was an idol then and not a god

file: 116-288045-0011.flac
expected: it made athens a city of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_2: i made afhen ta sey of light icreated the beaiful the true the good yes ure ligin was divvine
	layer_4: it made ath end to see of light itcreated the beautiful the true the good yes are eligion was divine
	layer_6: it made athen to see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our eligion was divine
	layer_8: it made athen to see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_10: it made athen to see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_12: it made athen to see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine

file: 116-288045-0012.flac
expected: it had only one fault interrupted my guide what was that
	layer_2: theit had only one fault intrope o my gid what was that
	layer_4: that had only one fault introe hi my guide what was that
	layer_6: that had only one fault andtropte o my guide what was that
	layer_8: tat had only one fault andtroke to my guide what was that
	layer_10: that had only one fault introqe t my guide what was that
	layer_12: that had only one fault introqued to my guide what was that

file: 116-288045-0013.flac
expected: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_2: i aequiretd without noine what his answewould be it was not true
	layer_4: i inquired without knoone what his answerwould be it was not true
	layer_6: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_8: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_10: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_12: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true

file: 116-288045-0014.flac
expected: produce him
	layer_2: prdu s him
	layer_4: produe him
	layer_6: produce him
	layer_8: produce him
	layer_10: produce him
	layer_12: produce him

file: 116-288045-0015.flac
expected: i whispered to myself what blasphemy
	layer_2: i wulh hu to myself what blass fo me
	layer_4: i wiulh ho to myself what blas for me
	layer_6: i wisho to myself what blasfor me
	layer_8: i wishwe to myself what blasphor me
	layer_10: i wisyou to myself what blasphe me
	layer_12: i wisyou to myself what blaspher me

file: 116-288045-0016.flac
expected: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerning the divine apollo
	layer_2: thin taking heart i told my guid how morthan once i had felt u poloae radinat presence in my heart and theld him of the immorda lineds of homeer concern i o one apollow
	layer_4: then taking heart i told my guid how more than once i had felt u pollows rading at presence in my heart and old him of the emmortal lines of homeer concernd the divin apollow
	layer_6: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt upollow's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concernd the divine apollo
	layer_8: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerned the divine apollo
	layer_10: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerning the divine apollo
	layer_12: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerning the divine apollo

file: 116-288045-0017.flac
expected: do you doubt homer
	layer_2: do you dout homemar
	layer_4: do you doubt home
	layer_6: do you doubt homer
	layer_8: do you doubt homer
	layer_10: do you doubt homer
	layer_12: do you doubt homer

file: 116-288045-0018.flac
expected: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_2: i saiyd o him howmor the inspired bard
	layer_4: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_6: i said to him homer the inspired bared
	layer_8: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_10: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_12: i said to him homer the inspired bard

file: 116-288045-0019.flac
expected: no no apollo is not an idol
	layer_2: no no a pollo was motanital
	layer_4: no no a pollow is not anitle
	layer_6: no no a pollo is not a n idle
	layer_8: no no a pollow is not an idle
	layer_10: no no apollo is not an idole
	layer_12: no no apollo is not an idol

file: 116-288045-0020.flac
expected: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_2: he his a god and tha son of agod
	layer_4: he his a god and the son of a god
	layer_6: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_8: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_10: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_12: he is a god and the son of a god

file: 116-288045-0021.flac
expected: the air was heavy with incense a number of men in gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before the various lights and images
	layer_2: the are was heavy with insence anumber of manon corgioes vestmentcs were passing to infro bow ent inneealing before thave various lies and images
	layer_4: the air was heavy with instence a number of men and corgees vestments were passing to infro bow an inneealing before the various liies and images
	layer_6: the air was heavy with instants a number of men and corgeous vestments were passing to and fro bow an an kneeling before the various lies and images
	layer_8: the air was heavy with inctants a number of men and gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bow ind and kneeling before thei various lives and images
	layer_10: the air was heavy with incense a number of men and gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before the various lives and images
	layer_12: the air was heavy with incense a number of men and gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before the various lives and images

file: 116-288045-0022.flac
expected: observing my anxiety to understand the meaning of all this my guide took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful savior jesus the son of god
	layer_2: obsevrying myanxsie to understand the mean of all this my gui toooeme as side and ina whisper told meto te peop wer cilibrin he aeniversry of the berty other wetifulsaoure jesus the sun of god
	layer_4: obsevering my anxi to understand the mean of all this my guy took me aside and in a whisper told me that the peope were cilebrain the anni versary of the birhthe o their reutiful salure jesus the son of god
	layer_6: observing my anxie to understand the mean of all this my guyd took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were cilebrating the anniversary of the birthty of their reautiful saviure jesus the son of god
	layer_8: observing my anxiety to understand the mean of all this my guide took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthdy of their beautiful saviour jesus the son of god
	layer_10: observing my anxiety to understand the means of all this my guid took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful saviour jesus the son of god
	layer_12: observing my anxiety to understand the means of all this my guid took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful saviour jesus the son of god

file: 116-288045-0023.flac
expected: forget apollo he said with a suggestion of severity in his voice
	layer_2: forguit u pollo he said with his ugetion of suvarit in his voice
	layer_4: forget a pollo he said with his agectian of severiting his voice
	layer_6: forget apallo he said with his agession of severiting his voice
	layer_8: forget apollo he said with as adgestion of severiting his voice
	layer_10: forget apollo he said with hi adgestion of severitying his voice
	layer_12: forget apollo he said with hi adgestion of severitying his voice

file: 116-288045-0024.flac
expected: there is no such person he was only an idol
	layer_2: there is no such person he was only an idol
	layer_4: there is no such person he was only an idole
	layer_6: there is no such person he was only an idole
	layer_8: there is no such person he was only an idole
	layer_10: there is no such person he was only an idol
	layer_12: there is no such person he was only an idol

file: 116-288045-0025.flac
expected: if you were to search for apollo in all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description
	layer_2: if you woud is erch for a polowant all the invirshe would never find e one answerinto his nawordoescription
	layer_4: if ye would a search for a pollowent all the universe he would never find e one answering to his naym whor description
	layer_6: if hou would a search for a polloant all the universe you would never find nayone answering to his nam or description
	layer_8: if you would a search for a polloent all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description
	layer_10: if you would a search for apolloin all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description
	layer_12: if you would a search for apolloin all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description

file: 116-288045-0026.flac
expected: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_2: i wint is he jesous i hasten turnin tward him
	layer_4: i wint os he jesus i hasten turning toward him
	layer_6: i woant to see jesus i hasten turning toward him
	layer_8: i want to see jesus i hasten turning toward him
	layer_10: i want to see jesus i hastene turning toward him
	layer_12: i want to see jesus i hastened turning towards him

file: 116-288045-0027.flac
expected: will he not be here this morning
	layer_2: whol he not be heare i smorning
	layer_4: whell he not be here this morning
	layer_6: will he not be here this morning
	layer_8: will he not be here this morning
	layer_10: will he not be here this morning
	layer_12: will he not be here this morning

file: 116-288045-0028.flac
expected: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_2: wlhe not spek to his worshipers i as again
	layer_4: wil e not speak to his warshippers i asked again
	layer_6: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_8: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_10: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_12: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again

file: 116-288045-0029.flac
expected: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to clasp his divine feet to inhale the ambrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_2: wil he nut hero mit intetouch om to coresshis hand to class has devind feet to anhel the em brogual fragrence of his breath too bask nm a golden lighe af his eyes to her tha music of his i makculate eccense
	layer_4: weill henotp permit intotouch him to caress his hand to class his divind feet to anhel the embrosual fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear themusic of his emaculate eccente
	layer_6: will henot permit im to touch him to caress his hand to class his divined feet to unhel the embrosual fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_8: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to class his divined feet to inhel the embrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_10: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to clasp his divine feet to inhel the umbrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_12: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to clasp his divine feet to inhele the umbrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents

file: 116-288045-0030.flac
expected: i asked my eyes filled with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_2: i asked my eyesfhellwith wonder in my voice quuiving with ex sitement
	layer_4: i asked my eyes fel with wonder in my voice quiving with excitement
	layer_6: i asked my eyes feel with wonder and my voice quiving with excitement
	layer_8: i asked my eyes fll with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_10: i asked my eyes fill with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_12: i asked my eyes fill with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement

file: 116-288045-0031.flac
expected: would not that then i ventured to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_2: would not that then i venthed to ask inmpatiently make desus as much ove an idle is a polow
	layer_4: would not that then ivevenct to ask impatiently make tesus as much of an idale as a pollow
	layer_6: would not that then i venthed to ask impatiently make desis as much of an idole as apollo
	layer_8: would not that then i ventue to ask impatiently make jesis as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_10: would not that then i venture to ask impatiently make jesis as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_12: would not that then i venture to ask impatiently make jesis as much of an idol as apollo

file: 116-288045-0032.flac
expected: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_2: and if faith at yesus is a god prusom agod whil wl not fap in upollow mak hinwagod
	layer_4: and if faithat jesus is a god prus im a god whil will not fath in apollow make him wagod
	layer_6: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god whyt will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_8: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_10: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_12: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god

file: 116-288047-0000.flac
expected: a myth is a fanciful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_2: a mith is a fanc wo exanation of agiven fornomernon
	layer_4: i meth his a fansfl explanation of a given phenormenine
	layer_6: i meth as a fancil explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_8: i methos o fancil explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_10: i methos o fansiful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_12: i method's o fansiful explanation of a given phenomenon

file: 116-288047-0001.flac
expected: the mind craves for knowledge the child asks questions because of an inborn desire to know
	layer_2: the mincrase fore knowledge the chilld ask questions wecause ofanein borng desare to no
	layer_4: the mind cras for knowledge the child as questions ecause of a imborning desire to know
	layer_6: the mind craves for knowledge the child as questions because ofan imborning desire to know
	layer_8: the mind craze for knowledge the child asked questions because ofan unborning desire to know
	layer_10: the mind craze for knowledge the child asks questions because of an umborning desire to know
	layer_12: the mind crazed for knowledge the child asks questions because of an umborning desire to know

file: 116-288047-0002.flac
expected: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_2: nowind tmhin they kin closin of di stapity jother
	layer_4: now and then they can closing uf tosnapity g other
	layer_6: now and then they ca'et clos enouh to snapit yaeach other
	layer_8: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_10: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_12: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other

file: 116-288047-0003.flac
expected: with this mythus the primitive man was satisfied until his developing intelligence realized its inadequacy science was born of that realization
	layer_2: with this mitthos the prom to man was tatisfigede and he has developin inteligencs reallas its in neiquasy science was born of that relization
	layer_4: with this mit thos the prome to man was tatisfied and ho has developin intelligence realosedits inanoquicy science was born of that relization
	layer_6: with this mithos the proume o man was satisfied and who has developing intelligence realised its inanequecy science was born of that relization
	layer_8: with this mithos the proom to man was satisfied and who has developing intelligence realized its inanequecy science was born of that realization
	layer_10: with this mithos the proom to man was satisfied and who is developing intelligence realied its inanequacy science was born of that realization
	layer_12: with this mithos the proom to man was satisfied and who his developing intelligence realized its inanequacy science was born of that realization

file: 116-288047-0004.flac
expected: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurate information concerning the hindoos
	layer_2: the merth of a one i people livin an india has in replace by acor ifermatiingconcerin tha hindes
	layer_4: the meth of a one ei people liveing an india has bin replace by accure infoirmation concerin the hindews
	layer_6: the mith of a one eyed people living an india has been replaced by accur information concering the hindoews
	layer_8: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accur information concerning the hindus
	layer_10: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurae information concerning the hindos
	layer_12: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurae information concerning the hindoos

file: 116-288047-0005.flac
expected: and this is precisely the use to which myths have been put
	layer_2: and misus precisa the yuse to which ms have ein plut
	layer_4: and missus preciseod that used to which mis have en put
	layer_6: and missus precise that use to which mis haveben put
	layer_8: and missus precisey the use to which miss have ben put
	layer_10: and missus precise ly the use to which miss have been put
	layer_12: and missis precise ly the use to which miss have been put

file: 116-288047-0006.flac
expected: is jesus a myth
	layer_2: is you usami
	layer_4: is jeisamith
	layer_6: is jesusiminth
	layer_8: is jesssiminth
	layer_10: is jesussimyth
	layer_12: is jesussimyth

file: 116-288047-0007.flac
expected: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_2: there is an man affaculty forfiction
	layer_4: there is in man affaculty for fiction
	layer_6: there is in man af faculty for fixtion
	layer_8: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_10: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_12: there is in man a faculty for fiction

file: 116-288047-0008.flac
expected: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_2: it haise lesst in at gessis
	layer_4: if this les an it guesses
	layer_6: e thin lessthon it guesses
	layer_8: it phinks less han it guesses
	layer_10: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_12: it thinks less than it guesses

file: 116-288047-0009.flac
expected: it is reflection which introduces a bit into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its restless spirit
	layer_2: it is reflection which unteroduces o be into a mouth of imagination curbangits pace and subdoin its elintles spirt
	layer_4: it is reflection which introduces of be into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subdoin its re lentless spirt
	layer_6: it is reflection which introduces of be into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_8: it is reflection which introduces a biinto the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_10: it is reflection which introduces a bein to the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_12: it is reflection which introduces a bein to the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit

file: 116-288047-0010.flac
expected: we fill the space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beings
	layer_2: we fyoel the space abouan overu wofs spirits fairies gods an other in visib on ary beans
	layer_4: we fell te space about an over us woere spirits fairies gods an other invisible one airy beans
	layer_6: we feel a space about an over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible an airy beams
	layer_8: we feel a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beams
	layer_10: we feel a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beams
	layer_12: we feel a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beams

file: 116-288047-0011.flac
expected: we covet the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_2: wbe couve at th rain bow we reach ou for a moon
	layer_4: bwecove rt the rainbo we reach out for the moon
	layer_6: wecovet the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_8: we covert the rainbow we reach out forthe moon
	layer_10: we covert the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_12: we covert the rainbow we reach out for the moon

file: 116-288047-0012.flac
expected: our feet do not really begin to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_2: our feete not rely begin atuch t of farme groun and u we have reach the years of discression
	layer_4: our feet not rely begin atouche e firm ground and  we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_6: our feet not really being to touch the firm ground and ti we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_8: our feet not really being ta touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_10: our feet not really being to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_12: our feet not really being to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion

file: 116-288047-0013.flac
expected: science was not born until man had matured
	layer_2: sigence was not born till man and machurd
	layer_4: science was not borntil man hand mathured
	layer_6: science was not born til man had matured
	layer_8: science was not born utill man had matured
	layer_10: science was not born till man had matured
	layer_12: science was not born till man had matured

file: 116-288047-0014.flac
expected: grown up people create science
	layer_2: gown ut people creat signs
	layer_4: gon up people creis sciencs
	layer_6: grown up people cresd science
	layer_8: grown up people creaze science
	layer_10: groawn up people create science
	layer_12: groawn up people create science

file: 116-288047-0015.flac
expected: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies and faiths of mankind
	layer_2: the creadele is the woum of al the fairies and face and ankimn
	layer_4: the credl is the woumb of all the fairies and face an ankime
	layer_6: the cradle is the woumb of all the fairies and face an mankind
	layer_8: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies and face o mankind
	layer_10: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies in face to mankind
	layer_12: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies in face to mankind

file: 116-288047-0016.flac
expected: the school is the birthplace of science
	layer_2: thie schoo s the birsthlaces sigencse
	layer_4: the school as the birth laces science
	layer_6: thes school is the birth places science
	layer_8: thi school is the birthplaces science
	layer_10: this school is the birthplaces science
	layer_12: this school is the birthplaces science

file: 116-288047-0017.flac
expected: religion is the science of the child
	layer_2: relegin of the sigens of the child
	layer_4: religing of the sience of the child
	layer_6: religion is the sciene of the child
	layer_8: religion is the science of the child
	layer_10: religion is the science of the child
	layer_12: religion is the science of the child

file: 116-288047-0018.flac
expected: in the discussion of this subject i appeal to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_2: in thet discussiof is subject i avpeel to thematcure not to the child mind
	layer_4: in the discussio of his subject i appeale to the ature not to the child mind
	layer_6: in the discussion of his subject i appealed to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_8: in the discussion of his subject i appeald to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_10: in the discussion of his subject i appeald to the mature not to the childs mind
	layer_12: in the discussion of his subject i appeal to the mature not to the child's mind

file: 116-288047-0019.flac
expected: he is god's mouthpiece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_2: he has gods mouh piece and no one ma disagrwith him
	layer_4: he has gods mauth pece and kno one may disagre with him
	layer_6: he has god's mouth peace and no one may disagre with him
	layer_8: he has god's mouthpiece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_10: he has god's mouth piece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_12: he has god's mouth piece and no one may disagree with him

file: 116-288047-0020.flac
expected: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_2: the onlyway i ma omman ourespect is oe rusonable
	layer_4: the only way i mak comman your respect is to e reasonable
	layer_6: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_8: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_10: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_12: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable

file: 116-288047-0021.flac
expected: let us place ourselves entirely in the hands of the evidence
	layer_2: let ust place or silves and tarling the hands of the ovidence
	layer_4: let us place our selves entirelyg the hands of the evidence
	layer_6: let us place our silves entireling the hands of the evidence
	layer_8: let us place ourselves entirelying the hands of the evidence
	layer_10: let us place ourselves entirely in the hands of the evidence
	layer_12: let us place ourselves entirely in the hands of the evidence

file: 116-288047-0022.flac
expected: as intelligent beings we desire to know whether this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affection the devotion and the labor of humanity is a myth or a reality
	layer_2: as intellighnt bengs wit desarge now wharo this jesus whose orshr was not only costin the worlfp imilions of the peopls money buthich is also drawind to his servis the time the enrgies the effections the divotions and the labracumanity is a minth or reality
	layer_4: as intelligent beans wutd desirage no wher e this jesus whose worshr was not only costing the worlp millions of the peoples money but wich is also drawin to his service the time the inerges the affections the devotions and the laboricumanity is a mynth or reality
	layer_6: as intelligent beangs would desireg to know wherear this jesus whose worshie is not only costing the world millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the ienergies the affections the devotions and the labourehumanity is a myth or reality
	layer_8: as intelligent beings woe desire to know wherer this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labori humanity is a myth or reality
	layer_10: as intelligent beings we desire to know whether this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labor humanity is a myth or reality
	layer_12: as intelligent beings we desire to know whether this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labor i humanity is a myth or reality

file: 8288-274150-0000.flac
expected: and again when the artist following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint aignan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one sigh two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quiet meditation they enjoyed together
	layer_2: and again whenlthy artistt following maecornsedvice wias a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been abludges to be absen for some tieme it was enteresting to abserveto shough noone witness them those momets of slence full of deep becxpression which united in one sid to soulls most dispose to understandach ute and who byt no means abjected to the quite metitationly injoyd dogethe
	layer_4: and again when the artist following maa corns advice was a littlelate in arriving and when saint agnan had been abloged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observeto tough no one witness them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side two souls most disposed to understandach other and who by no means objected to the quite meditationaly enjoyed to gether
	layer_6: and again when the artists following malaccorn's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnant had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe to though no one witnessed them those momets of silence full of deep expression which united in one sighe two soul's most disposed to understand each otherand who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together
	layer_8: and again when the artists following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe tha though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together
	layer_10: and again when the artist's following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe that though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together
	layer_12: and again when the artists following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe that though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together

file: 8288-274150-0001.flac
expected: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of plenty and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_2: an at word malicorn fall os for that he was lo hetknewit noot hed learned howt woin spire the king with an aptit in themidst of ply and with dhesire and the assurancesu possession
	layer_4: in a word malicorn phaollosopher that he was no het knew it nt had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire in the assurancesu possession
	layer_6: in a word malicorn philosopher that he was nhogh het knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of plaiy and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_8: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was nough het knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of playng and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_10: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of playin and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_12: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of playn and with desire in the assurance of possession

file: 8288-274150-0002.flac
expected: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidante she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her appearance a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined skeptics
	layer_2: in this manner t therefore without leaving her room and having no conf adoant she wasd able to returnd who her apartment thus removing by her apprencse a lowtl tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most eterman skeptic
	layer_4: in this manner tha therefore without leaving her room and having no conpfedant she was able to returnt who her apartment thus removing by her apparents a little tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determan skeptic
	layer_6: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return o her apartment thus removing by her apparence a little tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determane sceptic
	layer_8: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her apparence a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined sceptic
	layer_10: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her apparance a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined sceptic
	layer_12: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her apparance a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined sceptic

file: 8288-274150-0003.flac
expected: but the door remained closed and neither saint aignan nor the painter appeared nor did the hangings even move
	layer_2: but the door reman clots and neeither siht agin now the pan her peared nor ted the hans e ginme
	layer_4: but the door remaintd cloes and neither sight agon knor the pain her peared nor did the hagnds evoen mee
	layer_6: but the door remain cloed and neither saint agon nor the painer peared nor did the hangns even move
	layer_8: but the door remained closed and neither saint agnon nor the painter appeared nor did the hagins even move
	layer_10: but the door remained closed and neither saint agden nor the painter appeared nor did the hagins even move
	layer_12: but the door remained closed and neither saint agden nor the painter appeared nor did the hangins even move

file: 8288-274150-0004.flac
expected: go then dearest love said the king but return quickly
	layer_2: gor then dearest love said the ki thet tar return quickly
	layer_4: go then dearest love said the king thet return quickly
	layer_6: gothen dearest love said the king that return quickly
	layer_8: gathen dearest love said the king that return quickly
	layer_10: goaten dearest love said the king that return quickly
	layer_12: gothon dearest love said the king that return quickly

file: 8288-274150-0005.flac
expected: no no not to day sire
	layer_2: no no not to dasi
	layer_4: no no not te ta si
	layer_6: no no not to day si
	layer_8: no no not to day sighn
	layer_10: no no not to day sign
	layer_12: no no not to day sighn

file: 8288-274150-0006.flac
expected: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_2: i knew but two well you had not sase to love ne
	layer_4: i knew but too well tat you had not ceased to love me
	layer_6: i knew but too well that you had not cease to love me
	layer_8: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_10: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_12: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me

file: 8288-274150-0007.flac
expected: la valliere with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_2: the valry with ae gstour partly of extrean er andpartly as if in voking a blessing attempted do speak bu cannot ar ticulat mone word
	layer_4: the valry with ha gestur partly of extremedterr and partly as if in voking a blessing attempted to speak but cannot articulate one word
	layer_6: the valery with the gesture partly of extreme error and partly as if in voking a blessing attempted to speak but coulnot articulate one word
	layer_8: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but couldnot articulate one word
	layer_10: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_12: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word

file: 8288-274150-0008.flac
expected: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rang through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_2: at the moment however when the keeng throewh himself on his knees a a cry of utter despare rangks rughthe corder accomaned by the sound of retrating footstips
	layer_4: at the moment however when the king throew himself on his knees a a cry of utter despaire ranks through the qorridor accompantied by the sound of retreating footstips
	layer_6: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees aa cry of utter despair rank through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_8: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rank through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_10: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rang through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_12: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rang through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps

file: 8288-274162-0000.flac
expected: the captain sitting buried in his leathern armchair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twisted his mustache
	layer_2: the captain sitting buried in as lether arm chare his spers fixed an the flor his sword butweien his legs was reding anumber of letters as he twisis mustash
	layer_4: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword bes tween his legs was reading a number of letters as he twistas mustach
	layer_6: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twist his mustache
	layer_8: the captain sitting buried in his leather armchair his spurs fixed on the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twiste his moustache
	layer_10: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed on the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twiscted his moustache
	layer_12: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed on the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twisted his moustache

file: 8288-274162-0001.flac
expected: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_2: d'artagnioan uttered a welk om full of plasur when he preceived his friend sun
	layer_4: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friends sun
	layer_6: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_8: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_10: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_12: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son

file: 8288-274162-0002.flac
expected: raoul my boy he said by what lucky accident does it happen that the king has recalled you
	layer_2: oln my boy he said by what to lucky ansidtntes it happen that the king has are called u
	layer_4: onld my boy he said by what to lucky ensiden tes it happened hat the king has ircalled ju
	layer_6: r old my boy he said by what a lucky encident does it happened that the king has ercalled ju
	layer_8: iol my boy he said by what a lucky incident does it happen that the king has recalled you
	layer_10: ioe my boy he said by what a lucky incident does it happen that the king has recalled you
	layer_12: i ole my boy he said by what a lucky incident does it happen that the king has recalled you

file: 8288-274162-0003.flac
expected: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replied upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hum
	layer_2: these words did not sound a greeably an the young manzears who es he seetr himself freplye upon mih wor i coannot de yue all tat i noww is i have come back umln
	layer_4: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seaderd himself replie upon my wor i cannot tell you all that i knows i have come back umeh
	layer_6: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ers who as he seated himself reply upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back am
	layer_8: these words do not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself reply upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hum
	layer_10: these words do not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replied upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hum
	layer_12: these words do not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replied upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hum

file: 8288-274162-0004.flac
expected: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_2: that the kin has not le caled ou and you havey tuoned
	layer_4: that the king has not recalled you and you have re turned
	layer_6: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_8: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_10: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_12: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned

file: 8288-274162-0005.flac
expected: i do not understand that at all
	layer_2: i do ne und derstend that the o
	layer_4: i dod no understand that that al
	layer_6: i do not understand that at all
	layer_8: i do not understand that at all
	layer_10: i do not understand that at all
	layer_12: i do not understand that at all

file: 8288-274162-0006.flac
expected: raoul was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_2: rol was already pal enough and he now began to turn hss hat roundn round in his hand
	layer_4: grool was already pal enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_6: growel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_8: growel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_10: growel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_12: growel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hands

file: 8288-274162-0007.flac
expected: what the deuce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_2: hat they dos as the matter that syou look as youdo and whant make you so dom
	layer_4: what they duce is the matter that you look as you do and want makes you so dum
	layer_6: what they duce is the matter that you look as you do and whant makes you so domb
	layer_8: what they doce is the matter that you look as you do and whant makes you so dumb
	layer_10: what they doce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_12: what they do ce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb

file: 8288-274162-0008.flac
expected: said the captain do people nowadays assume that sort of airs in england
	layer_2: said the caftain to peopl nowdays the soo mat sort of airs n englat
	layer_4: said the captain to people nowa days the sou met sort of eirs and englend
	layer_6: said the captain to people now adays the sum met sort of eirs in england
	layer_8: said the captain to people now adays the sum met sort of airs in england
	layer_10: said the captain to people nowadays the soom that sort of airs in england
	layer_12: said the captain to people nowadays the soom that sort of airs in england

file: 8288-274162-0009.flac
expected: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffinch
	layer_2: i have been in eglend and came her again as livelyas a chaffence
	layer_4: i have been an england and came here again as lively as a chaffeanch
	layer_6: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffinche
	layer_8: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffinch
	layer_10: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffinch
	layer_12: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffinch

file: 8288-274162-0010.flac
expected: will you not say something
	layer_2: wie youl not say something
	layer_4: will you not say something
	layer_6: will you not say something
	layer_8: will you not say something
	layer_10: will you not say something
	layer_12: will you not say something

file: 8288-274162-0011.flac
expected: i have too much to say
	layer_2: i had to much to sa
	layer_4: i had to much to say
	layer_6: i had to much to say
	layer_8: i had too much to say
	layer_10: i had too much to say
	layer_12: i had too much to say

file: 8288-274162-0012.flac
expected: ah how is your father
	layer_2: h howise you forter
	layer_4: ah how as your father
	layer_6: ah how is your father
	layer_8: ah how is your father
	layer_10: ah how is your father
	layer_12: ah how is your father

file: 8288-274162-0013.flac
expected: forgive me my dear friend i was going to ask you that
	layer_2: forgive me my dear frinmdit i  was going to a skjusat
	layer_4: forgive me my dear friamd it i was going to i suse that
	layer_6: forgive me my dea framed it i was going to ascuse that
	layer_8: forgive me my dear fraemedit i was going to ascuse that
	layer_10: forgive me my dear framdit i was going to ascuse that
	layer_12: forgive me my dear framedit i was going to ascuse that

file: 8288-274162-0014.flac
expected: d'artagnan increased the sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_2: dairtaian an creased this sharpeness of his pinetraden gaze wich no secret was capalbollfh resisting
	layer_4: d'artalan acreased his sharpness of his penetraten gaze which no secret was capable ofhe resisting
	layer_6: d'artaan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of the resisting
	layer_8: d'artaglnan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_10: d'artagnan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_12: d'artagnan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting

file: 8288-274162-0015.flac
expected: you are unhappy about something he said
	layer_2: you ln happe about someting he said
	layer_4: you an happy about something he said
	layer_6: oulan happy about something he said
	layer_8: yoularen happy about something he said
	layer_10: you la n happy about something he said
	layer_12: you la un happy about something he said

file: 8288-274162-0016.flac
expected: i am indeed and you know the reason very well monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_2: i am andeed and you know the reason val rall mishult da tenon
	layer_4: i am indeed and you know the reason val rail mons iyeur tartagnan
	layer_6: i am indeed and you know the reason valirel monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_8: i am indeed and you know the reason valy rell monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_10: i am indeed and you know the reason varly rell monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_12: i am indeed and you know the reason varly rel monsieur d'artagnan

file: 8288-274162-0017.flac
expected: nay do not pretend to be astonished
	layer_2: na do notpretentofbiestiie
	layer_4: nay dod not pretent ivy a stoner
	layer_6: nay do not pretentovy a stoner
	layer_8: nay do not pretend of eastoner
	layer_10: nae do not pretend to the astenner
	layer_12: nae do not pretend to the asteners

file: 8288-274162-0018.flac
expected: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend
	layer_2: i ham not predind into ve ast onesmy frind
	layer_4: i am not predinning tobe ast honish my friand
	layer_6: i am not perdending to be as donishe my friand
	layer_8: i am not prdending to be astonished my friend
	layer_10: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend
	layer_12: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend

file: 8288-274162-0019.flac
expected: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh oh
	layer_2: i have neither head  no arm h do not tespise but helpne intwo words i n the mosturetched of living beings oa
	layer_4: i have neither head no arm do not despise but a helpme in twowords i n the most u wretched of living beings oh
	layer_6: i have neither head no arm do not despise but help me in two wards i am the most wretched of living beings oh ho
	layer_8: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but to  help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh wum
	layer_10: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but o help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh hah
	layer_12: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but o help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh hap

file: 8288-274162-0020.flac
expected: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face had moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_2: she is deceevingou said d'artanion tot a musto of whois face had movtd lose are pig words who makes ouse of them
	layer_4: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan dout a muscle of whose face head moved those ar pig words who makes use of them
	layer_6: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan dot a muscle of whose face head moved those ar pig words who makes use of them
	layer_8: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan dot a muscle of whose face head moved those are pig words who makes use of them
	layer_10: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan dot a muscle of whose face had moved those are pig words who makes use of them
	layer_12: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan dot a muscle of whose face had moved those are pig words who makes use of them

file: 8288-274162-0021.flac
expected: every one ah
	layer_2: every on ah
	layer_4: everyone a
	layer_6: every one ah
	layer_8: everyone ah
	layer_10: everyone ah
	layer_12: everyone ach

file: 8288-274162-0022.flac
expected: if every one says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_2: if everyonecsays so there must be some truth in it
	layer_4: if every one says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_6: if every one says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_8: if everyondy says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_10: if everyody says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_12: if every ody says so there must be some truth in it

file: 8288-274162-0023.flac
expected: not for a friend for a son
	layer_2: nat for a friend for a s
	layer_4: not for a friend for a sal
	layer_6: not for a friend for a sal
	layer_8: not for a friend for a sal
	layer_10: not for a friend for a sal
	layer_12: not for a friend for a sal

file: 8288-274162-0024.flac
expected: the deuce take it you are really ill from curiosity
	layer_2: a doce tak et ou are really il fromcurasty
	layer_4: a docetake it you are really al from curasty
	layer_6: a duce takeit you are really el from curiosty
	layer_8: a deuce take it you are really el from curiosity
	layer_10: a deus take it you are really el from curiosity
	layer_12: adeus take it you are really l from curiosity

file: 8288-274162-0025.flac
expected: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_2: no it dis not from curiostie is is from love
	layer_4: no it dois not from curiosty is is from love
	layer_6: no it is not from curiosity is is from love
	layer_8: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_10: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_12: no it is not from curiosity it is from love

file: 8288-274162-0026.flac
expected: good another big word
	layer_2: goot another big word
	layer_4: got another big word
	layer_6: got another big word
	layer_8: gut another big word
	layer_10: gut another big word
	layer_12: gut another big word

file: 8288-274162-0027.flac
expected: i tell you i love louise to distraction
	layer_2: i tell you i love lueas to thestiaction
	layer_4: i tell you i love louise to thistraction
	layer_6: i tell you i love louise to thistraction
	layer_8: i tell you i love louise to thistraction
	layer_10: i tell you i love louise to thistraction
	layer_12: i tell you i love louise to dhis traction

file: 8288-274162-0028.flac
expected: well suppose it were only that
	layer_2: well s u posit were only that
	layer_4: well s ep pos it were only that
	layer_6: well supposet were only that
	layer_8: well suppose it were only that
	layer_10: well suppose it were only that
	layer_12: well suppose it were only that

file: 8288-274162-0029.flac
expected: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_2: nocencel man ever succeeded ed making much ave a brain when the head whas turned
	layer_4: no sence bll man ever succeeded et making much av a brain when the head was turned
	layer_6: no senseibwile man ever succeeded in making much avf a brain when the head was turned
	layer_8: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much ofe a brain when the head was turned
	layer_10: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_12: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned

file: 8288-274162-0030.flac
expected: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_2: i have complely lost my senceas in the same way are huntred time on my life
	layer_4: i have completely lost my sinses in the same way are huntred times in my life
	layer_6: i have completely lost my senses an the same way ae huntred times in my life
	layer_8: i have completely lost my senses in the same way are hundred times in my life
	layer_10: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_12: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life

file: 8288-274162-0031.flac
expected: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_2: you wouldl her but you would not understand me you would un herstan but yoe ould not l bay me
	layer_4: you would heare but you would not understand me you would unerstand but you would not obey me
	layer_6: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_8: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_10: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_12: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me

file: 8288-274162-0032.flac
expected: oh try try
	layer_2: o try try
	layer_4: o try try
	layer_6: o try try
	layer_8: oh try try
	layer_10: oh try try
	layer_12: oh try try

file: 8288-274162-0033.flac
expected: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_2: i go far even i fi were unfortun adenough to no someting and foluisioneough tookommunicatito you you are my friend you say inddeed yes
	layer_4: i go far even ifi were unfortunaenough to no something and folisheneough took ommunicated to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_6: i go far even if i were unfortuntenough to know something and foolish enenough to communicated to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_8: i go far even if i were unfortunatenough to know something and foolish e enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_10: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish e enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_12: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes

file: 8288-274162-0034.flac
expected: very good i should quarrel with you
	layer_2: ther a goody i shoul cuorl wits you
	layer_4: there a good i should quarel with you
	layer_6: there are good i should quarrel with you
	layer_8: there are good i should quarrel with you
	layer_10: there are good i should quarrel with you
	layer_12: there are good i should quarrel with you

file: 8288-274162-0035.flac
expected: i never complain as you know but as heaven and my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brains i will go and get the first person i meet to give me the information which you withhold i will tell him he lies and and you would kill him
	layer_2: i never complainas you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for bloing out my brain i will go an get the first person i eme to giv me the information which you with halotlt i will tell him he lisin and dyou ill kilia
	layer_4: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i me to giveme the information which you with holhold i will tell him he lis and and ou willkillia
	layer_6: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i me to give me the information which you with holhold i will tell him he lies in and you will kilia
	layer_8: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brains i will go and get the first person i met to give me the information which you with halold i will tell him he lies in and you will kill him
	layer_10: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brains i will go and get the first person i meet to give me the information which you withhalld i will tell him he lies in and you will kill him
	layer_12: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brains i will go and get the first person i meet to give me the information which you withhaold i will tell him he lies in and you will kill him

file: 8288-274162-0036.flac
expected: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_2: and ha find o far that would be so much the better what shoul i ci
	layer_4: and a find afair that would be so much the better what should i karer
	layer_6: and a find affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_8: and a find affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_10: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_12: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care

file: 8288-274162-0037.flac
expected: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_2: you nell sou my differen tut and stid if killing you will get cild yourself i suppos youman sery fin indeed
	layer_4: you now assoumy different a and stid of killing you will get kiled yourself i suppose you man sery fin indeed
	layer_6: you now assume a different ta and stead of killing you will get killd yourself i suppose you mean sery fine indeed
	layer_8: you now assume a different tonle instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_10: you now assume a different tonne instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_12: you now assume a different tonne instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed

file: 8288-274162-0038.flac
expected: how much i should regret you
	layer_2: how much i should her gretou
	layer_4: how much i should her gret you
	layer_6: how much i should her gret you
	layer_8: how much i should eregret you
	layer_10: how much i should regret you
	layer_12: how much i should regret you

file: 8288-274162-0039.flac
expected: of course i should go about all day saying ah
	layer_2: of course y shll go about all dhaysing ofhf
	layer_4: of course i shll o about all day sing oh
	layer_6: of course i shall go about all day sing ah
	layer_8: of course i shall go about all day sying ah
	layer_10: of course i shall go about all day saying ah
	layer_12: of course i shall go about all day saying ah

file: 8288-274162-0040.flac
expected: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelonne was
	layer_2: what hae finestopid fillow that breggalon was
	layer_4: what a fine stoupid fillow that bragalone was
	layer_6: what a fine stupid fellow that brag alone was
	layer_8: what a fine stupid fellow that bragalon was
	layer_10: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelone was
	layer_12: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelone was

file: 8288-274162-0041.flac
expected: as great a stupid as i ever met with
	layer_2: d as great a stupit as i ever metwith
	layer_4: his great a stupid as i ever met with
	layer_6: and his great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_8: and as great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_10: and as great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_12: and as great as stupid as i ever met with

file: 8288-274162-0042.flac
expected: go then raoul go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_2: go thend gron go and get yourselfti sposed dor f a ew like
	layer_4: go then gron go and get yourself ty sposedorf if fyou like
	layer_6: go then grown go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_8: go then graouln go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_10: go then graoul go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_12: go then graoul go and get yourself disposed of if you like

file: 8288-274162-0043.flac
expected: i hardly know who can have taught you logic but deuce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_2: i har la knew who can have touch you lodgic tut docestake me ift your father has not been reguly robed of his money
	layer_4: i hardly knew who can have touch you logic but doce take me if your father has not been reguly robbed of his money
	layer_6: i hardly knew who can have touch you logic but duce take me if your father has not been regulrly robbed of his money
	layer_8: i hardly knew who can have touch you logic but duce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_10: i hardly knew who can have touch you logic but duce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_12: i hardly knew who can have touch you logic but deuce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money

file: 8288-274162-0044.flac
expected: raoul buried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_2: ro will bried has face in hass hands murmoring non i have not ha single friendin y world
	layer_4: gra will buried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_6: rawillburied his face in his hands murmuring no  i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_8: rawul buried his face in his hands murmuring no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_10: raoul buried his face in his hands murmuring no ni have not a single friend in the world
	layer_12: raoul buried his face in his hands murmuring no ni have not a single friend in the world

file: 8288-274162-0045.flac
expected: idle fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you although i am a gascon
	layer_2: i thoht fancies montsieur i do not leugfh at ou tug i am agust cone
	layer_4: i dogl fancyes monsier i do not laugh at you dough i am a gascone
	layer_6: i dolt fancieis monscieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascon
	layer_8: iduld fancyes monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascon
	layer_10: idule fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascon
	layer_12: idule fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascogn

file: 8288-274162-0046.flac
expected: a carpenter what do you mean
	layer_2: a coepridther what o you men
	layer_4: acipret ther what do you mean
	layer_6: a cipritther what do you mean
	layer_8: a cipridther what do you mean
	layer_10: a cypriter what do you mean
	layer_12: a cypridther what do you mean

file: 8288-274162-0047.flac
expected: upon my word i don't know some one told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain flooring
	layer_2: u pon y wore di dod not ino some on told me there was ha carpine ter who made an opening through as certain floor
	layer_4: upon my word i dod not kno some one told me there was a carpent ther who made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_6: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpent there who made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_8: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_10: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_12: upon my word i do not know someone told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain floor

file: 8288-274162-0048.flac
expected: oh i don't know where
	layer_2: on  my don't kno whealre
	layer_4: on i don't know where
	layer_6: o y don't knowwhere
	layer_8: i don't know where
	layer_10: oi don't know where
	layer_12: o i don't know where

file: 8288-274162-0049.flac
expected: in whose room then
	layer_2: and whose her om them
	layer_4: and whose herom them
	layer_6: and whose eroom them
	layer_8: and who'se room them
	layer_10: and whose roum them
	layer_12: and whos roum them

file: 8288-274162-0050.flac
expected: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_2: i have tolt yoi for the lest hour that i known nothing of the holofhear
	layer_4: i have told you for the lest hour that i known nothing of the holeofhair
	layer_6: i have told you for the lest hour that i known nothing of the whole affaire
	layer_8: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_10: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_12: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair

file: 8288-274162-0051.flac
expected: but the painter then the portrait
	layer_2: but tepatrstin theportert
	layer_4: but tho payters en deporturit
	layer_6: but the pater en deportrait
	layer_8: but the painters then deportrait
	layer_10: but the painter then deportrait
	layer_12: but the painter ten deportrait

file: 8288-274162-0052.flac
expected: why you seem to have only that name in your mouth
	layer_2: whe you so to hime only that name aneyol mout
	layer_4: whre you su to him only that name in your mouth
	layer_6: where you sei to hem only that name in your mouth
	layer_8: where you sed to hem only that name in your mouth
	layer_10: where you sin to he only that name in your mouth
	layer_12: where you sing to he only that name in your mouth

file: 8288-274162-0053.flac
expected: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_2: i dod not supposeitewal concenyou
	layer_4: i do not suppose it wil concsen you
	layer_6: i do not suppose it will concern yu
	layer_8: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_10: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_12: i do not suppose it will concern you

file: 8288-274162-0054.flac
expected: yes you are right and he made a step or two as if he were going to leave where are you going
	layer_2: yis youur right an y made a step er to as if eweregoing to lat where you ging
	layer_4: yes your aright anhe made a stepor to as if he were going to lea whe ae you going
	layer_6: yes you are al right and he made a step or two as if he were going to lea whye are you going
	layer_8: yes you're a right and he made a step or two as if he were going to lea where are you going
	layer_10: yes you're aright and he made a step or two as if he were going to leav where are you going
	layer_12: yes you're aright and he made a step or two as if he were going to lead where are you going

file: 8288-274162-0055.flac
expected: to look for some one who will tell me the truth
	layer_2: to loop for someon who a ten min the truep
	layer_4: to look for someone who atte meg the trup
	layer_6: to look for somone who u tend me the troop
	layer_8: to look for some one who will tend me the troop
	layer_10: to look for some one who will tenl me the troup
	layer_12: to look for some one who will tenl me the truph

file: 8288-274162-0056.flac
expected: who is that a woman
	layer_2: ho was lat t woma
	layer_4: who was tlat a woman
	layer_6: who is tlat a woman
	layer_8: who is that a woman
	layer_10: who is that a woman
	layer_12: who is that a woman

file: 8288-274162-0057.flac
expected: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_2: you wish to be con sod by someon and you wil be so it once she will del you nothing ilif herself of course so be off
	layer_4: you wish to be consold by some one and you will be so at once she will tel you nothing il of herself of course so be of
	layer_6: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ell of herself of course so be off
	layer_8: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_10: you wish to be consoled by someone and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_12: you wish to be consoled by someone and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off

file: 8288-274162-0058.flac
expected: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_2: you are mistacken lontser replied ru though o man i mean will telle me all the evier shoe possibly in
	layer_4: you are mistaken monsieur replied ru though omand i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly cain
	layer_6: you are mistaken monsieur replied rou tho oman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_8: you are mistaken monsieur replied rau the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_10: you are mistaken monsieur replied rou the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_12: you are mistaken monsieur replied raou the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can

file: 8288-274162-0059.flac
expected: well i admit it
	layer_2: well i mitute
	layer_4: well i admet it
	layer_6: well i admit it
	layer_8: well i admit it
	layer_10: well i admit it
	layer_12: well i admit it

file: 8288-274162-0060.flac
expected: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat does with a poor mouse
	layer_2: and in point e fact w should i play with you as a catnoes with the poor mols
	layer_4: and in point of fact whi should i play with you as a catnors with the poor mouse
	layer_6: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnows with the poor mouse
	layer_8: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnos with a poor mouse
	layer_10: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnose with a poor mouse
	layer_12: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnose with a poor mouse

file: 8288-274162-0061.flac
expected: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_2: you testressm you do indetd
	layer_4: you jistresme you do indeed
	layer_6: you dusttresst me you do indeed
	layer_8: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_10: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_12: you distress me you do indeed

file: 8288-274162-0062.flac
expected: wait if you can
	layer_2: wait a you gane
	layer_4: wait i f you can
	layer_6: wait if you can
	layer_8: wait if you can
	layer_10: wait if you can
	layer_12: wait if you can

file: 8288-274162-0063.flac
expected: i cannot so much the worse
	layer_2: i could not so much te wors
	layer_4: i coulnd not so much theworse
	layer_6: i coundnot so much te worse
	layer_8: i culdnot so much the worse
	layer_10: i could not so much th worse
	layer_12: i could not so much th worse

file: 8288-274162-0064.flac
expected: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him
	layer_2: a said rol snatching egaly at the pin which the kapt aind held out oh him
	layer_4: a said rale snatching egrly at the pin which the ceptain held out to him
	layer_6: a said raouell snatching eagerly at the pin which the captain held out to him
	layer_8: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him
	layer_10: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him
	layer_12: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him

file: 8288-274162-0065.flac
expected: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_2: how vheryfortunate tat s he was looking for you to
	layer_4: how very fortunatethat is he was looking for you to
	layer_6: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_8: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_10: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_12: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too

file: 8288-274162-0066.flac
expected: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_2: she said the samed tonof voice it is not ei who em guoing to speak to him ho dhen
	layer_4: she said nthe samed tune of voice it is not i who im going to speak to him wo then
	layer_6: she said i the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_8: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_10: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_12: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then

file: 6455-67804-0000.flac
expected: i accompany my granddaughter to this this entertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_2: i comp ne my grangauter to this busnt camment herlitishit resmonded
	layer_4: iaccompany my grandaughter to tisbustent tanment her latiship resmonded
	layer_6: i accompany my granddaughter to thes bosapotanment her lodyship responded
	layer_8: i accompanied my granddaughter to thisbos ntertainment her layship responded
	layer_10: i accompanied my grand daughter to this base entertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_12: i accompanied my grand daughter to this bas entertainment her ladyship responded

file: 6455-67804-0001.flac
expected: it is scarcely a joyous occasion to my mind
	layer_2: it iscarcely ageuoy sicasien to my mind
	layer_4: it is scarcely e joys occasion to my mind
	layer_6: it is scarcely a joye occasion to my mind
	layer_8: it is scarcely a joyce occasion to my mind
	layer_10: it is scarcely a joyous occasion to my mind
	layer_12: it is scarcely a joyous occasion to my mind

file: 6455-67804-0002.flac
expected: no need to dress yourself like that if it isn't ejaculated mister binnie
	layer_2: nonly the dressersthought wyn bvy if it isn't a jacullat hid mister peny
	layer_4: noney the dresster shought han bat if it isn't a jaculated mister benny
	layer_6: no ne the dresster ought whent bat if it isn't ejaculated mister binny
	layer_8: no n the dresser tought went bat if it isn't ejaculated mister bnney
	layer_10: no nee the dresser thought went bat if it isn't ejaculated mister bnny
	layer_12: nonee the dressers thought went bact if it isn't ejaculated mister benny

file: 6455-67804-0003.flac
expected: if i were sure this was the same man i'd go myself
	layer_2: if our sure this was het sa man i go myself
	layer_4: if our sured this was thi saya man i go myself
	layer_6: if iur sure this was the say a man i go myself
	layer_8: if i wer sure this was the sam man id go myself
	layer_10: if i wer sure this was the same man id go myself
	layer_12: if i wer sure this was the same man i'd go myself

file: 6455-67804-0004.flac
expected: when i find a fellow who's neither knave nor fool i stick to him believe i'll send to find out
	layer_2: thenive oti fellowf his niger nave north foul i sixto him blieavf alt ind the finda
	layer_4: when i've it to fellow his niger nave north full i sick to him believe elsid the finda
	layer_6: when i'v e ie ta fellow his nigger nave north foul i stick to him believe elsed the finda
	layer_8: when i'v itd a fellow his nigger naves north fool i stick to him believe elsin the finda
	layer_10: when ivbied a fellow whos nigger knaved north fool i stick to him believe elsin the findo
	layer_12: when ivied a fellow whos nigger knaved north fool i stick to him believe elsin the findo

file: 6455-67804-0005.flac
expected: the only time he had made any comment upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she had copied from octavia's nice gown that he blurted out didn't get it here i'll wager
	layer_2: the olin hime him in eli coma uponer wis the first tiremes la her n the dress she a coppih martapius ney scand that ierd ed out didn't id a here allwager
	layer_4: the oly hime ham an ey comman upon her was the first tie mieslaw her in the dresse she a commif mockdtivious ni scand that en thrded out didn't glt a her all wager
	layer_6: the only hime e ha in edin commt upon her was the first time yousaw her in the dress she adcompid mocktivias nict scond that he tlrded out didn't get  here al wager
	layer_8: the only ime he had med eding commen upon her was the first time you saw her in the dress she accompied moctavias ni scand that he dlrted out didn't get  here i'll wager
	layer_10: the only time he had bee edin common upon her was the first time you saw her in the dress she accomplished moctavias nice scannd that he blurted out didn't get it here i'll wager
	layer_12: the only time he had been edin common upon her was the first time you saw her in the dress she accomplished m octavias nice scannd that he blurted out didn't get it here i'll wager

file: 6455-67804-0006.flac
expected: doesn't look like it he said gruffly
	layer_2: thus ano looke lakeget is ad grahfly
	layer_4: this n lookd like it es aid graphly
	layer_6: bis n' look like it he said grafly
	layer_8: doesn't look like it he said gratfully
	layer_10: doesn't look like it he said grafully
	layer_12: doesn't look like it he said graffully

file: 6455-67804-0007.flac
expected: no she answered i am not afraid at all
	layer_2: no she inswerd i  mota friditl
	layer_4: no she enswered i  mat afriditale
	layer_6: no she enswered im madafritatle
	layer_8: no she answered iam mota fritadal
	layer_10: no she answered i am mota fritedl
	layer_12: no she answered i am mota fritele

file: 6455-67804-0008.flac
expected: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_2: i shall not be afraid gaid
	layer_4: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_6: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_8: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_10: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_12: i shall not be afraid again

file: 6455-67804-0009.flac
expected: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanor
	layer_2: and fat she appherfectly on found ed her lady should by her domeaner
	layer_4: and fact she aeperfectly confounded her lady should by her de meanor
	layer_6: in fact she hadperfectly confounded her lady should by her demeanour
	layer_8: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyshulp by her demeanour
	layer_10: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour
	layer_12: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour

file: 6455-67804-0010.flac
expected: i beg you will not speak to me of that again she said i will not listen
	layer_2: i be yow not spe to me oe thareye and she sain i wll ot listn
	layer_4: i beak you' not spek to me of tharadea and she saind i will out listene
	layer_6: i be you'll not speak to me of tharadea and she saind i will not listen
	layer_8: i beg you wll not speak to me of tha idea and she said i will not listen
	layer_10: i beg you will not speak to me of the idea and she said i will not listen
	layer_12: i beg you will not speak to me of the idea and she said i will not listen

file: 6455-67804-0011.flac
expected: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_2: an turning about she walked out of the roop
	layer_4: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_6: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_8: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_10: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_12: and turning about she walked out of the room

file: 6455-67804-0012.flac
expected: and nothing more had been said on the subject since
	layer_2: and nothinme oere ha bodsed untubj ecscents
	layer_4: and nothing more habit id ontebject sense
	layer_6: and nothing more hav  sdid onthe subject sene
	layer_8: and nothing more have isid on the subject since
	layer_10: and nothing more have i said on the subject since
	layer_12: and nothing more have it said on the subject since

file: 6455-67804-0013.flac
expected: before breakfast miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegram which ran as follows
	layer_2: before brakmith mispulin der was stertle by te r iva of another tellega which wain tas vollows
	layer_4: before brackmith miss blinde was stirtle by the rival of another telegra which rind as follows
	layer_6: before brackmith miss bulinda was sturtled by the arrival of another telegra which reign as follows
	layer_8: before breakmath miss blinda was startled by the arrival of another telegrap which reine as follows
	layer_10: before breakmasth miss blinda was startled by the arrival of another telegraph which reined as follows
	layer_12: before breakmast miss blinda was startled by the arrival of another telegraph which rained as follows

file: 6455-67804-0014.flac
expected: arrived to day per russia be with you tomorrow evening
	layer_2: ar roiuve to they perress bea it eta milw evening
	layer_4: arived to dtay peressia beawthet a mile evening
	layer_6: arrive to tay peressia beaueh eat a mile evening
	layer_8: arrive to day parussia beauetheat a mile evening
	layer_10: arrived to day pa russia bauthat a mile or evening
	layer_12: arrived to day parussia beauthy at a mile or evening

file: 6455-67804-0015.flac
expected: friend with me martin bassett
	layer_2: friend with m martinbasit
	layer_4: frind with me martin basit
	layer_6: friend with me marten bassit
	layer_8: frend with me martin basset
	layer_10: friend with me martin bassot
	layer_12: friend with me martin basset

file: 6455-67804-0016.flac
expected: well remarked octavia i suppose that would have been an advantage
	layer_2: well t wre manx a taveia i suppose thaut wud havebeen avanage
	layer_4: well it remonx otivia i suppose that would have beein the vantage
	layer_6: well it remoks tavia i suppose that would have been n the vantage
	layer_8: well it remarkes atavia i suppose that would have bee in ha vantage
	layer_10: well it remarked otavia i suppose that would have been in a vantage
	layer_12: well it remarked otavia i suppose that would have been in advantage

file: 6455-67804-0017.flac
expected: octavia was a marked figure upon the grounds at that garden party another dress my dear remarked missus burnham
	layer_2: actavia was a marke ficurpon the growd of dlike gard inparty ndoither js my dear remarke mister brnom
	layer_4: octavia was a marged figure upon the grou tof lheat gard in party nother jess my dea remarked mister brnhim
	layer_6: octavia was a markaed figureupon the groud of that garden party another jess my dear remarked mister brdham
	layer_8: octavia was a marked figure upon the groud of that garden party another dress my dear remarked mister brnham
	layer_10: octavia was a marked figure upon the ground of that garden party another dress my dear remarked mister briham
	layer_12: octavia was a marked figure upon the ground of that garden party another dress my dear remarked mister brinham

file: 6455-67804-0018.flac
expected: and what a charming color she has i declare she is usually paler
	layer_2: ndwoat a charming colour she haid a clear sus usually pillor
	layer_4: and what a charming color she ha it a clear ses usually paler
	layer_6: and what a charming color she has't a clear see's usually pal er
	layer_8: and what a charming colour she hasn't clear sees usually pal her
	layer_10: and what a charming color she hasn't it clear shee's usually paleer
	layer_12: and what a charming color she hasn't it clear shee's usually paleer

file: 6455-67804-0019.flac
expected: perhaps we owe this to lord lansdowne
	layer_2: peraps the othes lornlandon
	layer_4: peraps the othes lorn landsown
	layer_6: perhaps the otherst to lornd landsone
	layer_8: perhaps the others to lor landsone
	layer_10: perhaps the others to lord landzone
	layer_12: perhaps the others to lord landsone

file: 6455-67804-0020.flac
expected: she's prettier than ever to day and is enjoying herself
	layer_2: shis predearen evered he in its en jinnerself
	layer_4: shis preteari ebort toda in is enjoing herself
	layer_6: she's prettier meber to day in its enjoying herself
	layer_8: she's prettier ever to day an i's enjoying herself
	layer_10: she's prettier than ever to day and its enjoying herself
	layer_12: she's prettier than ever to day and its enjoying herself

file: 6455-67804-0021.flac
expected: she was enjoying herself mister francis barold observed it rather gloomily as he stood apart
	layer_2: she wisnt joing herself misster pran e bril absergh that rather glumily asty soot a part
	layer_4: she wasn joing herself mister pranes birill obser v that rather glomily as hie sot apart
	layer_6: she was njoying herself mister prancis bill observed that rather gloomily as he soud apart
	layer_8: she was enjoying herself mister francis brle observed that rather gloomily as he stood apart
	layer_10: she was enjoying herself mister francis bryll observed that rather gloomily as he stood apart
	layer_12: she was enjoying herself mister francis baroll observed that rather gloomily as he stood apart

file: 6455-67804-0022.flac
expected: and then had come lord lansdowne who in crossing the lawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point burmistone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_2: and then ha come lordlyensed ho andcossintal on te shate han wed this host havebin observedo keep ies iixt upor one fparticulha point ber mistowend he saiy after havings mook n is first words who is that tall girolnd whit
	layer_4: and then ha come lord lyanjee who and crossinda lon to shake ant with this hoast have been observed to keep his y tixe upon one particular point bermistone he said after having smook in his first words who is that tall gil an wite
	layer_6: and then had come lordlanderd who and crosseing alon to shake hands with this host have been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point bermistone he said after having smoke in his first words who is that tall girl an white
	layer_8: and then had come lord lander who in crossing alon to shake hand with this host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point bermistone he said after having spoke in his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_10: and then had come lord landard who in crossing tha lawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point birmistone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_12: and then had come lord landsward who in crossing t a lawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point birmistone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white

file: 6455-67804-0023.flac
expected: and in ten minutes lady theobald missus burnham mister barold and divers others too numerous to mention saw him standing at octavia's side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_2: in intenminutes lady the oabled mister burno ister baoldthen thevers others twu numrorsimengion somis inthy obtaveiousit ofr tant ny with kno intengenu laving it
	layer_4: in intinminutes lady theobled mister burna mister barld han the vers others too numerous simension somisinty octaviou sihte ofidently with no intingion of leaving it
	layer_6: in in ti minutes lady theapld mister burna mister barldan the verds others too numerous cimension saw misannle octavias side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_8: a in ten minutes lady theopled mister berna mister baredan evers others too numerous tomension saw m sania octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_10: and in ten minutes lady theopold mister berna mister barld and ivers others too numerous to mension saw m sadneia octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_12: and in ten minutes lady theopold mister berna mister bareld and divers others too numerous to mension saw msadnia octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it

file: 6455-67804-0024.flac
expected: not long after this francis barold found his way to miss belinda who was very busy and rather nervous your niece is evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_2: not long afh te this fran o spirl faun as wayte h mis bulindo he was very bushe innbhather nervis in thecise efinat la joyngn erself he remarked
	layer_4: not long after this francespirild found as wait o miss bulindo he was very busy in rbather neirvous un nesis evaentelnjoyng herself he remarked
	layer_6: not long after this francis piril found his way to miss balinda he was very busy in  rather nervoust our nieces evidentlynjoying herself he remarked
	layer_8: not long after this francise biril found his way to miss belinda he was very busy an rather nervous your nieces evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_10: not long after this francis biril found his way to miss belinda he was very busy and rather nervous your nieces evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_12: not long after this francis birild found his way to miss belinda he was very busy and rather nervous your nieces evidently enjoying herself he remarked

file: 6455-67804-0025.flac
expected: octavia is most happy to day answered miss belinda
	layer_2: o cealia is most happy to thay and ter missu plnder
	layer_4: occelia is most happy to dey entered missi blinda
	layer_6: aucelia is most happy to day entwered miss blinda
	layer_8: acevlia is most happy to day entwered miss blinda
	layer_10: acalia is most happy to day entered miss blinda
	layer_12: acalia is most happy to day antwered miss blinda

file: 6455-67804-0026.flac
expected: very few people understand octavia said miss belinda i'm not sure that i follow all her moods myself
	layer_2: veryif you pyo ple undersein ouctaviusimisbollinde i'd not shuldo i follow all her metes myself
	layer_4: very if youpeople understan outctaviasimd misutirbllinda i'm not shod i follow all her modts myself
	layer_6: very f yeu people understand octavia said miss blinda i'm not surd i follow all her mots myself
	layer_8: very few people understand octavia said missts belinda i'm not suredht i follow all her moodes myself
	layer_10: very few people understand octavia said missus belinda i'm not sure tha i follow all her moods myself
	layer_12: very few people understand octavia said missus belinda i'm not sure that i follow all her moods myself

file: 6455-67804-0027.flac
expected: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well
	layer_2: she is nots friviles as she appearesed to vose jdok now her ba
	layer_4: she is not as pfrivilese as she appearcs to thosy jdote know her welle
	layer_6: she is not as privoloius as she appears to those ho jonte know her well
	layer_8: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who do't know her well
	layer_10: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well
	layer_12: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well

file: 6455-67804-0028.flac
expected: barold stood gnawing his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_2: berld sig nong as must ash an maye no reply he was not very come table
	layer_4: bareld sig knong as must ash and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_6: barld signong as mustash amd made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_8: bareld sange nang his mustacheand made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_10: bareld ske gnong his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_12: barreld sooked gnoing his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable

file: 6455-67804-0029.flac
expected: he felt himself ill used by fate and rather wished he had returned to london from broadoaks instead of loitering in slowbridge
	layer_2: if to haim sup ill use by fhaik and mather bush tea rechurend ta end ofrom botogk an sid i l voidering an slobrige
	layer_4: ifil him sep ill used by fank and mather bush ter rethurrneg to lend from botoks tand said im a voidering and slowberige
	layer_6: e fill himself ill used by fankt and mather bushe he ad returned to lendn from botoxs and seid im avoidering and sloberidge
	layer_8: he felt himself ill used by faint and rather bushed he had returned to lendon from bottoks in sed him voidering in slowberidge
	layer_10: he felt himself ill used by faint and mather bushed he had returned to london from bodocxs insead im voitaring in slowbridge
	layer_12: he felt himself ill used by faint and mather bushed he had returned to london from boddox instead him voitaring in slowbridge

file: 6455-67804-0030.flac
expected: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest
	layer_2: he t havmeason shelf at a first but intime haveben surpise o fyneets amusment loe something of it esst
	layer_4: hed ameashome self at first but in time h havd been surprires he fin is amusement loose something of itsesd
	layer_6: hehad amas himself at first but in time he had been surprirs to find is amusement lose something of it zest
	layer_8: he had amuse himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest
	layer_10: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest
	layer_12: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest

file: 6455-67804-0031.flac
expected: it's deucedly bad form on his part he said mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_2: it' s ducily bratd form on his part i the mentally what thoe the mang by it
	layer_4: it's ducily brad form on his part ita mentally what does e man by it
	layer_6: it's ducidly bradform on his part hesadmentally what does heu mean by it
	layer_8: it's deucily badform on his part he said mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_10: it's deucedly bad form on his part he said mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_12: it's deucedly bad form on his part he said mentally what does he mean by it

file: 6455-67804-0032.flac
expected: octavia on the contrary did not ask what he meant by it
	layer_2: actafia on the contr din no askmeny mentby it
	layer_4: octavia on the contrary tid not ask ben y meamt by it
	layer_6: octevia on the contrary did not ask beny meant by it
	layer_8: octavia on the contrary did not ask beny meant by it
	layer_10: octavia on the contrary did not ask benhy meant by it
	layer_12: octavia on the contrary did not ask benhy meant by it

file: 6455-67804-0033.flac
expected: where he ejaculated i say what a name
	layer_2: wheae yeujackol atd i say whatd hin nean
	layer_4: wherare he ajaculeat id i say what a nae
	layer_6: where heu  jaculated i say what a namte
	layer_8: where he ejaculated i say what a name
	layer_10: whe re you ejaculated i say what a name
	layer_12: whee are you ejaculated i say what a name

file: 6455-67804-0034.flac
expected: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_2: ad nota bserve the answer her lady shop
	layer_4: i had not abserved e answer her ladyship
	layer_6: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_8: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_10: i havd not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_12: i had not observed it answered her ladyship

file: 6455-67804-0035.flac
expected: but she glared at barold as he passed and beckoned to him where is lucia she demanded
	layer_2: ut she cglared it thirld tu sy passed and beckon to him lty as lusulushn imined
	layer_4: ut she clared a baruld es ey pased and beckon to him whllt is lusushin iminded
	layer_6: but she glared at barld asea pastd and beckond to him what is lucisie imanded
	layer_8: bu she glared aut barreled as ee past and beckone to him what is luca she emanded
	layer_10: bshe glared au barrelle des sea past and beckoned to him what is lucia she demanded
	layer_12: bshe glared aut barrelledes sea past and beckoned to him what is lucia she demanded

file: 6455-67804-0036.flac
expected: i saw her with burmistone half an hour ago he answered coldly have you any message for my mother i shall return to london to morrow leaving here early she turned quite pale
	layer_2: i s o her wiath burmisdan half n arwgo he anshered coling have ye any methage frmy mother es sial rttrngal an intomar leaving here early turn qlit pale
	layer_4: my sa her wit bermison half narrowgo he antwered coling have you any metage form my mother i shal returnle and into mar leaving here early turned quite pale
	layer_6: my te her with bermiston half anarrowago he answered colig have you any message fror my mother i shall retirn alan into mar leaving here early turned quite pale
	layer_8: i selw her with burmerston half an hourrow ago he answered colly have you any message for my mother i shall return to londin to morrow leaving here early turned quite pale
	layer_10: i saw her with burmeston half an hour ago he answered coldly have you any message for my mother i shall return to london to morrow leaving here early turne quite pale
	layer_12: i saw her with burmeston half an hour ago he answered coldly have you any message for my mother i shall return to london to morrow leaving here early turne quite pale

file: 6455-67804-0037.flac
expected: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_2: what his happid she asked rigadly hil lookslightlys ar prised nothing what ov ere he replied
	layer_4: what is happied she asked rigidly hel lookslightly s arprised nothing whatever he replired
	layer_6: what his happed she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_8: what has happed she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_10: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_12: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied

file: 6455-67804-0038.flac
expected: i have remained here longer than i intended
	layer_2: aver maind heor longeritfh n intendid
	layer_4: ive amained her longer ith an i intended
	layer_6: ihve remained her longer  than i intended
	layer_8: i have remained here longer than i intended
	layer_10: i have remained here longer than i intended
	layer_12: i have remained here longer than i intended

file: 6455-67804-0039.flac
expected: she began to move the manacles on her right wrist
	layer_2: she began ad movehemankcl hen o rigt wist
	layer_4: she began an moved manicles an o right wist
	layer_6: she began a moved mancles an her right wist
	layer_8: she began to move mancles in her right wist
	layer_10: she began to move th manacles in her right wist
	layer_12: she began to move the manacles in her right wist

file: 6455-67804-0040.flac
expected: she had not brought lucia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_2: she had not brotlish up andter her own i forn lothing
	layer_4: she had not broulisia up under her own eye for lothing
	layer_6: she had not broalysha up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_8: she had not brotlicia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_10: she had not brougt licia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_12: she had not brougt licia up under her own eye for nothing

file: 6455-67803-0000.flac
expected: chapter twenty three may i go
	layer_2: chapetors wen e three may i go
	layer_4: chapter's wente three may i go
	layer_6: chapter wenty three may i go
	layer_8: chapter twenty three may i go
	layer_10: chapter twenty three may i go
	layer_12: chapter twenty three may i go

file: 6455-67803-0001.flac
expected: the very day after this octavia opened the fourth trunk
	layer_2: the very day after this orctavia opened hef forctrung
	layer_4: the very day after this altavia opened of forttrunk
	layer_6: the very day after this octavia opened a fourt trunk
	layer_8: the very day after this octavia opened a forth trunk
	layer_10: the very day after this octavia opened a fourth trunk
	layer_12: the very day after this octavia opened a fourth trunk

file: 6455-67803-0002.flac
expected: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister dugald binnie is at oldclough who is he
	layer_2: and thi dentle something at happined or tave yus e said mister digld benny is a old clow who wis he
	layer_4: evidently something hat happened i'lctav yeh she said mister duggale benne is at old clow who as he
	layer_6: evidently something had happened octavyias she said mister dygled benny is at old clou who is he
	layer_8: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister dugl bnny is at old clou who is he
	layer_10: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister doggle benny is at old klow who is he
	layer_12: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister dogle benny is at old klow who is he

file: 6455-67803-0003.flac
expected: he is my grand uncle explained lucia tremulously he has a great deal of money
	layer_2: he has my gran uncl exlaimed busiar cham muloussly her hads a grat dea of money
	layer_4: he is my granuncle exclained busia chimulussly yhere hads a greay deal of money
	layer_6: he is my gran uncle exclaimed lucia cemulusly yere has a great deal of money
	layer_8: he is my gran uncle exclaimed lucia tremulously here has a great deal of money
	layer_10: he is my grand uncle exclaimed lucia tremulously he has a great deal of money
	layer_12: he is my grand uncle exclaimed lucia tremulously her has a great deal of money

file: 6455-67803-0004.flac
expected: i do not quite understand grandmamma octavia she said
	layer_2: a did nont cui understake ri amo taia she said
	layer_4: i dodnot quyte understake ritmamativia she said
	layer_6: i do not quite understake re mamartivia she said
	layer_8: i do not quite understak rindmamark tivia she said
	layer_10: i do not quite understake emamm aakctavia she said
	layer_12: i do not quite understake emamm acktavia she said

file: 6455-67803-0005.flac
expected: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again and oh
	layer_2: last nish cinto my rned the talke tome and his mordish kaml aginen oh
	layer_4: last nigshe kanto my wrone the talk to me and this mordish came agin an oh
	layer_6: last nich came to my romr te talk to me and this molish came agin an oh
	layer_8: last night s came to my room to talk to me and this mornigsh came again an oh
	layer_10: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morni sh came again a oh
	layer_12: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this mornin she came again a oh

file: 6455-67803-0006.flac
expected: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_2: she brog eur adignantly how ould he spict to me ain such amanner
	layer_4: she broughe ou andignately how could shespickto me in such a manner
	layer_6: she brouke out indignantly how could she speik to me in such a manner
	layer_8: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_10: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_12: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner

file: 6455-67803-0007.flac
expected: what did you understand
	layer_2: what the yu wundher sad
	layer_4: what dhe yuwundersand
	layer_6: what did you under sand
	layer_8: what did you undersand
	layer_10: what did you understand
	layer_12: what did you understand

file: 6455-67803-0008.flac
expected: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister binnie may leave me his money
	layer_2: i am to r n after amar he des nout tare fro me and make my self a traped ivein the op tat he wal can te cen to marriyny couse mister beany ma lltheave me is money
	layer_4: i am to run after ramare ho dos not ter for me and make myself a trapped iv in the hope hat he will condecen to marry e tecause mister benny may leve me has money
	layer_6: i am to run after amare ho does not tear for me and make myself attraptive in the hope tat he will condescon to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money
	layer_8: i am to run after a marn who does not tear for me and make myself a traptive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money
	layer_10: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money
	layer_12: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money

file: 6455-67803-0009.flac
expected: do you wonder that it took even lady theobald a long time to say that
	layer_2: do you won theire tot it tookeve mady tefa a ong time tho say that
	layer_4: do you wendhere that it took even midy theobo along time to say that
	layer_6: do you wonder that it took even maddy the bout a long time to say that
	layer_8: do you wonder that it took even midti te about a long time to say that
	layer_10: do you wonder that it took even middie thi about a long time to say that
	layer_12: do you wonder that it took even middie thi about a long time to say that

file: 6455-67803-0010.flac
expected: well remarked octavia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_2: le a mandan't tave ya ou voln't do it i suppose i would it wory
	layer_4: lell re marntda't teaveyo you won't do it i suppos i would n't worry
	layer_6: well remont ont tavia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_8: well remornked aunttevia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_10: well remarked ant tevia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_12: well remarked ant tevia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry

file: 6455-67803-0011.flac
expected: oh i always knew it i didn't guess
	layer_2: olhl i allways do in't i didtan guess
	layer_4: all i always doi i didn't gues
	layer_6: all i always doi i didn't guess
	layer_8: all i always do it i didn't guess
	layer_10: all i always do it i didn't guess
	layer_12: all i always do it i didn't guess

file: 6455-67803-0012.flac
expected: and she smiled ever so faintly
	layer_2: e isoud every said dately
	layer_4: it chesmalde ever y sa dately
	layer_6: ind shes smoled every sai dately
	layer_8: and she smeled everyh soid dately
	layer_10: and she smiled everhy said dately
	layer_12: and she smiled everh said dately

file: 6455-67803-0013.flac
expected: that is one of the reasons why she loathes me so she added
	layer_2: that is on the reasonfwy she lobesme so she adde
	layer_4: that s om the reason why she loades me so she addeed
	layer_6: that is hom the reasons why she loads me so she added
	layer_8: that is whon the reasons why she loabs me so she added
	layer_10: that is whem the reasons why she loades me so she added
	layer_12: that is whem the reasons why she loaeds me so she added

file: 6455-67803-0014.flac
expected: lucia thought deeply for a moment she recognized all at once several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_2: be shout tot deepe le foreberm it she reconized all hat wids several things he had me mistified byavbefore
	layer_4: le shoud thout deeply forboment she reconized all at wies several thing she had min mistirfied by before
	layer_6: le should thought deeply forbement she recognized all at wives several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_8: licha thought deeply forbment she recognized all ot wives several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_10: licha thought deeply for boement she recognized all outwives several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_12: licha thought deeply for boement she recognized all outwives several things she had been mystified by before

file: 6455-67803-0015.flac
expected: octavia smiled a little again
	layer_2: actelius man witdrawl agaent
	layer_4: octeleous mand litd rll againt
	layer_6: octadias malan liteal again
	layer_8: octadia smelin literal again
	layer_10: octavia smellin litral again
	layer_12: octavia smellin litral again

file: 6455-67803-0016.flac
expected: lucia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_2: mesia sat thinking fer hands clasp tidly
	layer_4: musia sat thinking fher hands claspe titly
	layer_6: muchia sat thinking fher hands clasped tigtly
	layer_8: musya sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_10: musya sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_12: mushya sat thinking her hands clasped tightly

file: 6455-67803-0017.flac
expected: i am glad i came here she said at length
	layer_2: i 'm gltd i came yeur s said at ly
	layer_4: i am glatd i came yere s said at le
	layer_6: i am glad i came here said at lead
	layer_8: i am glad i came here said at lede
	layer_10: i 'm glad i came here said at lead
	layer_12: i am glad i came here said at lead

file: 6455-67803-0018.flac
expected: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_2: i think i shol never be fride of ver any more
	layer_4: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_6: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_8: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_10: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_12: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more

file: 6455-67803-0019.flac
expected: her delicate nostrils were dilated she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exultation in her tone
	layer_2: her deli cat nast ral tertdalad id is he helther head up her breath came fast there was a hint a egirfultition in orto
	layer_4: her delicate nastrol eirh dollited ind she hel her head up her breath came vast the was a hint of egiful tation in o to
	layer_6: her delicate nostrele wir tol adted and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of egfultation in hotone
	layer_8: her delicate nostrils were dilated and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of egultation in her tone
	layer_10: her delicate nostrils were dilated asd she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exultation in her tone
	layer_12: her delicate nostrils were dilated and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exultation in her tone

file: 6455-67803-0020.flac
expected: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_2: she whated very tas aufer she leve the house
	layer_4: she wantd very tust after she lefed the house
	layer_6: she wanted very tust aftwer she left the house
	layer_8: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_10: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_12: she walked very fast after she left the house

file: 6455-67803-0021.flac
expected: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was aroused
	layer_2: but it was not a gains thim that leus as inthe nation wash aroutst
	layer_4: but it was not against t him that leuci as indignation with aroutsd
	layer_6: but it was not against him that luse as indignation was roused
	layer_8: ut it was not against him that luchi's indignation was roused
	layer_10: but it was not against him that lcya's indignation was aroused
	layer_12: but it was not against him that lucya's indignation was roused

file: 6455-67803-0022.flac
expected: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had
	layer_2: she wondere that thy hat heard hr lasworts e fanyt o hadt
	layer_4: she wonderd that he hat heard her last words efancid y hadt
	layer_6: she wondered thaf he had heard her last worts pufancity had
	layer_8: she wondered if he had heard her last words peufancity had
	layer_10: she wondered if he had heard her last words pufancite had
	layer_12: she wondered if he had heard her last words pufancite had

file: 6455-67803-0023.flac
expected: he took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_2: he tok hol ever shakeing little harnd and lookedhown a her extided face
	layer_4: he took hole ever shaking little hand and looked down ot her extited face
	layer_6: he took hole ofver shaking little hand and looked down on her extited face
	layer_8: he took hole of er shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_10: he took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_12: he took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face

file: 6455-67803-0024.flac
expected: i am angry she said you have never seen me angry before
	layer_2: i a engery she saidt ghve never so nee engreyu efore
	layer_4: i am eingery she said yave never son me angry before
	layer_6: i am engry she said give never soon me angry before
	layer_8: i am angry she said ye ave never soon me angry before
	layer_10: i am angry she said you have never son me angry before
	layer_12: i am angry she said you have never soon me angry before

file: 6455-67803-0025.flac
expected: i am on my way to my to lady theobald
	layer_2: iand o my way to my to lady the abled
	layer_4: anm on my way to my to ledy theabled
	layer_6: i'm on my way to my to ledty theabld
	layer_8: i'm on my way to my t letty theoblt
	layer_10: iam on my way to my to letddy theobald
	layer_12: iam on my way to my to leddy theobald

file: 6455-67803-0026.flac
expected: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_2: he held her had as calnly as before
	layer_4: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_6: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_8: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_10: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_12: he held her hand as calmly as before

file: 6455-67803-0027.flac
expected: what are you going to say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_2: what you woun ti sad o her he asked she lauged again
	layer_4: what or you wointes sa to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_6: what ar you wouldn is say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_8: what are you gwil to say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_10: what are you going to say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_12: what are you going to say to her he asked she laughed again

file: 6455-67803-0028.flac
expected: he held her hand rather closer
	layer_2: held her hand rather closer
	layer_4: held her hand rather cliserd
	layer_6: held her hand rather clisard
	layer_8: held her hand rather clicard
	layer_10: held her hand rather clizered
	layer_12: held her hand rather cliczered

file: 6455-67803-0029.flac
expected: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_2: she has mae you bery angry hsaid
	layer_4: she has mady you bery angry hsaid
	layer_6: she has made you very angry hesaid
	layer_8: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_10: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_12: she has made you very angry he said

file: 6455-67803-0030.flac
expected: and then almost before she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia
	layer_2: and then i mus e for she knew whats she wis doing she was poring forth the hol of erstoy eve more of it than she hdtole o tavia
	layer_4: and then i must beforc she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the wholeiver story even more of it than she had toll ativia
	layer_6: and then i must befor she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of er story even more of it than she had tholld activia
	layer_8: and then i must afore she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octivia
	layer_10: and then i must afore she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia
	layer_12: and then i must afore she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia

file: 6455-67803-0031.flac
expected: lucia he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobald you she said with a little start
	layer_2: be shall he said i wisheto we let me go and tark witd lady the abld ou se is e woith little strt
	layer_4: beshall he said i wish to woel let me go and talk wuth lady theabolt you seh as at lit little start
	layer_6: we shall he said i wish yo would let me go and talk with lady theobolt you shas at with little start
	layer_8: we shall he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theopbold you shu a with little start
	layer_10: we shall be said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobold u sha said with little start
	layer_12: we shall be said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobold u sha said with little start

file: 6455-67803-0032.flac
expected: yes he answered let me go to her
	layer_2: d jess he entwered et mego to her
	layer_4: jes he ensered lot me goo to her
	layer_6: jes he answered let me go to her
	layer_8: gess he answered let me go to her
	layer_10: yess he answered let me go to her
	layer_12: yess he answered let me go to her

file: 6455-67803-0033.flac
expected: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise that you need never be afraid of her any more
	layer_2: if you will ay yes to that i hen icinpommece but youmean never be a frait of herady o
	layer_4: if you will say yes to that i hing igan pomise but you me never be afraid of hearady mor
	layer_6: if you will say yes to that i think i coan pomense but you mea never be afraid of her any more
	layer_8: if you will say yes to that i think i can pomise but you mea never be afraid of her any more
	layer_10: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise but you mean never be afraid of her any more
	layer_12: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise but you mean never be afraid of her any more

file: 6455-67803-0034.flac
expected: the fierce color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_2: the teres color tit aliver cheeks in the teas rushe to her eyes
	layer_4: the fierst colored tydotliver cheeks in the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_6: the fierst colore dietd out ever cheeks in the tears rushe to her eyes
	layer_8: the fierce color died out ever cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_10: the fierce color dyed out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_12: the fierce color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes

file: 6455-67803-0035.flac
expected: she raised her face with a pathetic look
	layer_2: shmraedhr taese withe be tatec wok
	layer_4: shaed her tise with patedic wok
	layer_6: sheraze her veys with a pathetic wook
	layer_8: she raised her face with a pathetic wok
	layer_10: she raised her face with a pathetic wok
	layer_12: she raised her face with a pathetic wook

file: 6455-67803-0036.flac
expected: i am desperately in love with you he answered in his quietest way
	layer_2: i'mdesperatelyn love with yo he enteredin ths quireus way
	layer_4: i'm desperately love whith you he antfered in this quirous way
	layer_6: iam desperately love with you he antered in this qoires way
	layer_8: im desperately love with you he answred in this qoirest way
	layer_10: i'm desperately in love with you he answered in his qhoirest way
	layer_12: i'm desperately in love with you he answered in his qhoirest way

file: 6455-66379-0000.flac
expected: hallo colonel how d'ye sell your wood this time
	layer_2: alo cno how d oa e your wood dhis time
	layer_4: allo coonel how dyoa sal you wood this time
	layer_6: allo conel how de sal you wood this time
	layer_8: alo colonel how daye t ell you would this time
	layer_10: alo colonel how d'ye sellyou woud this time
	layer_12: alo colonel how d'ye sell you would this time

file: 6455-66379-0001.flac
expected: why capting we must charge you three and a quarter this time the d l
	layer_2: why e atting we must choare you threen corder thestime the dhot
	layer_4: whike athing we mustchart you threen a corder thes time the do
	layer_6: why gat thing we must charge you threen a cuarter this time the dult
	layer_8: why gating we must charge you three an a quarter this time the dope
	layer_10: why cating we must charge you three and a quarter this time the dolle
	layer_12: why gating we must charge you three and a quarter this time the dolpe

file: 6455-66379-0002.flac
expected: supper was over and i retired to my upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the brag table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as his principal opponent
	layer_2: supper was over n i retir to mete upper birth thic tat ad long scide an over looking the bracktaple were the capiom it deeply engage havingnow the oter pala as if princibl apponit
	layer_4: supper was over and i retire to met uper birth sictuated long side and overlooking the brak table where the captain with deeply engage having now the other pitlet s if principle opponet
	layer_6: supper was over and i retired to mete upper birth sutuated longside and overlooking the brag table where the captain with deeply engaged having now the other pilet as if principal opponent
	layer_8: supper was over and i retired to my upper berth situated longside and overlooking the brag table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as f principal opponent
	layer_10: supper was over and i retired to my upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the brag table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as if principal opponent
	layer_12: supper was over and i retired to my upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the brag table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as if principal opponent

file: 6455-66379-0003.flac
expected: head her in shore then and take in six cords if it's good see to it thompson i can't very well leave the game now it's getting right warm
	layer_2: heder aneore then and takeeen six cred the od s goot fe to at tamptin i cant ver wodieve thae gae now is catting wrgt worm
	layer_4: hu  er en jore then and takenin six cowardthe ilds good see to it tomptsin a cant verwolleve the gae now is cetting right wrm
	layer_6: hadter insore thin and taken in six cordtof it's good see to it tompsond a canverywel leave the game now is getting right warm
	layer_8: hud er inshure then and takentin six cors o it's good see to it thompson a can' verwell leave the game now it's getting right warm
	layer_10: hutter insure then and take in six cords if it's good see to it thompson i can't very well leave the game now it's getting right warm
	layer_12: hutter insure then and take in six cords if it's good see to it thomson i can't very well leave the game now its getting right warm

file: 6455-66379-0004.flac
expected: this pilot's beating us all to smash the wooding completed we paddled on again
	layer_2: this poleds benis all the smashed the wodhe compliatedt we patdled on agaet
	layer_4: this piblets benis all the s mashed the wod hy completed  we pattled on aget
	layer_6: this pilot's beatinus all thismashed the wood he complated we paddled on a get
	layer_8: this pilot's beatigus all thismashed the woodie completed we paddled on a git
	layer_10: this pilot's beatis all the smashed the woodie completed we paddled on a git
	layer_12: this pilot's beatnis all the smashed the woodie completed we paddled on a git

file: 6455-66379-0005.flac
expected: they were anxious to learn the game and they did learn it
	layer_2: ther inxsiestoe farnd hegame and they dilleard it
	layer_4: thei r inciousto lerned the game and they delert it
	layer_6: the were inxcies tilearned the game and they delere it
	layer_8: they were inxious to learn the game and they deleart it
	layer_10: they were anxious to learn the game and they delert it
	layer_12: they were anxious to learn the game and they deleart it

file: 6455-66379-0006.flac
expected: still with all these disadvantages they continued playing they wanted to learn the game
	layer_2: still with all these is antages they cintenuw pling teye ont it to learne egain
	layer_4: still with all these as afmanages they contin e pling they want id to learned begain
	layer_6: still with all these is amanages they continue plaing they wanted to learn thegan
	layer_8: still with all these disavantages they continue playing they wanted to learn the gan
	layer_10: still with all these disadvanages they continue playing they wanted to learn the gan
	layer_12: still with all these disadvantages they continue playing they wanted to learn the gain

file: 6455-66379-0007.flac
expected: oh pretty glibly sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what headway we are making for we are obliged to keep the middle of the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_2: ouh prtic lilys ser replied he mate wueh anscarcely tell wa hab we ar maing for we uro blyd to eep then it old tybiver and there is a shedd oove of fograsing
	layer_4: oulh pareti libly sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell a headvba be ar making for we are oblyd to keap the it all theriver and there is a shedoofe a fogrisi
	layer_6: woll pretty liblis sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what headay we are making for we are ablige to heap then it all the river and there is a shadow of a fog rising
	layer_8: well pretty glibblie sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what heady we are making for we are oblige to heap em it oll the river and there is e shadow of a fog rising
	layer_10: welh pretty glibleys sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what heavway we are making for we are obliged to heap in i oll the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_12: welh pretty glibleys sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what heavway we are making for we are obliged to heap in nit oll the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising

file: 6455-66379-0008.flac
expected: this wood seems rather better than that we took in at yellow face's but we're nearly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_2: this wits hims rofor bether and that we took an a eloifaces but wer ningatly outagaen ad must be looking ot from mor
	layer_4: this witshoms ratd ord bether ban that we took an agellofaces but wer ninatelyout agan and must be looking out for more
	layer_6: this witsoms rod or bether than that we took an a gellow faces but were ningat ly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_8: this witsems rod ford better than that we took in a gellow faces but were nearly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_10: this wit sems rod for better than that we took in a yellow faces but were nearly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_12: this wit seems rod for better than that we took in a yellow faces but were nearly out again and must be looking out for more

file: 6455-66379-0009.flac
expected: i saw a light just ahead on the right shall we hail
	layer_2: i's awl li juste hown the bragt shall we hal
	layer_4: is al lit just tahow n the bright shall we hale
	layer_6: i'saw lit just to ha on the bright shall we haile
	layer_8: i saw a light just ta hay on the right shall we hail
	layer_10: i saw a light just a ha on the bright shall we hail
	layer_12: i saw a light just a ha on the bright shall we hail

file: 6455-66379-0010.flac
expected: yes yes replied the captain ring the bell and ask em what's the price of wood up here
	layer_2: jyesiast erepy the cap aend rind the belan afhfolwics the pics a wood apear
	layer_4: jyesyest replyed the capain ren the bell onaphulmet's the pice of woud appear
	layer_6: yes yes replied the captain reined the bellan apflmetes the pice of whot appear
	layer_8: yes yes replied the captain rinned the bell an ahilmets the pice of wood appeer
	layer_10: yes yes replied the captain grign the bell and aphalmwats the price of wood appear
	layer_12: yes yes replied the captain grin the bell and aph almwats the price of wood appear

file: 6455-66379-0011.flac
expected: i've got you again here's double kings
	layer_2: i fwut youly anears ouble kins
	layer_4: i fwouhte youly a nears doble kings
	layer_6: i fhougt youlia near his doubil kings
	layer_8: i thught youli ad near hs dobile kings
	layer_10: i fought yulia near as doubile kins
	layer_12: i fought julia near as doubile kins

file: 6455-66379-0012.flac
expected: deal sir if you please better luck next time
	layer_2: de lserifho plaeas be e lo lexs time
	layer_4: tale ser if you pleas ben r look lex time
	layer_6: deal sir if you please bender lock lex time
	layer_8: deal sir if you please beter lock lex time
	layer_10: deal sir if you please better lucklex time
	layer_12: deal sir if you please better lucklex time

file: 6455-66379-0013.flac
expected: the other pilot's voice was again heard on deck how much have you
	layer_2: the other pats poys of the gain her o deck how mat c have you
	layer_4: the other poetes voice ofh t a gain her non deck how much have you
	layer_6: the other pot's voice with again hurn on deck how much have you
	layer_8: the other pilot's voice wosh again huard on deck how much have you
	layer_10: the other piot's voice was again huard on deck how much have you
	layer_12: the other piot's voice was again huard on deck how much have you

file: 6455-66379-0014.flac
expected: only about ten cords sir was the reply of the youthful salesman
	layer_2: ly about tencordsir was replied the youthfulsailfman
	layer_4: only about tun cortsir was replyof the youthful silsman
	layer_6: only about ton court sir was reply d the youthful salsmen
	layer_8: only about ten cuart sir was replyeo the youthful sailsman
	layer_10: only about ten qarts sir was replied the youthful salesman
	layer_12: only about ten quarts sir was replied the youthful salsman

file: 6455-66379-0015.flac
expected: the captain here told thompson to take six cords which would last till daylight and again turned his attention to the game
	layer_2: theyvc app in hearitol tomsend takes sixords which wer last to tai light in again terntied thet tention to the game
	layer_4: they eapen herital tompsen totake six cords which wil last ta leylight in again turne o tettention to the game
	layer_6: they e appened her itall thompson to take six cords which would last o laylight and again turn ot attention to the game
	layer_8: they've happened here at toled thompston to take six cords which would last a laylight and again turned his attention to the game
	layer_10: they've happened here told thompson to take six cords which would last til daylight and again turn his attention to the game
	layer_12: they've happened here told thompson to take six cords which would last til daylight and again turn his attention to the game

file: 6455-66379-0016.flac
expected: the pilots here changed places when did they sleep
	layer_2: the pales e r change laces ene did theysleep
	layer_4: the palets he or change places one did they sleep
	layer_6: the palates he er changed places one did they sleep
	layer_8: the palates hie ur changed places ene did they sleep
	layer_10: the paletes heere change places when did they sleep
	layer_12: the paletes here change places when did they sleep

file: 6455-66379-0017.flac
expected: wood taken in the caravan again took her place in the middle of the stream paddling on as usual day at length dawned
	layer_2: wit ey coan en becare f an agan to r place in the mideal of the shream powdling one hasz usual ga out lendone
	layer_4: wieh e can ind the cuare ovan again took er place in the mideral of the shream powdling on isz usual day aut length dawn
	layer_6: wichey c an ind the care ofan again took her place in the middrle of the shream powdling on is usual day at length own
	layer_8: wittige an in the cure ofan again took her place in the middle of the shream powdling on as usual day at length dawn
	layer_10: wittig an inn the care ofin again took her place in the middle of the streem poddling on as usual day at length dawn
	layer_12: wittig an inn the care ofin again took her place in the middle of the streem poddling on as usual day at length dawn

file: 6455-66379-0018.flac
expected: i had risen and went out with the captain to enjoy a view of the bluffs
	layer_2: iad risin omn when out with a capaen to enjoy of ie of the bloufs
	layer_4: i had risen on wen at with a capain to enjoy of yew of the bluffs
	layer_6: i had risend in went out with a capin to enjoy of you the bluffs
	layer_8: i had risen and went out with a capain to enjoy of vyou the bluffs
	layer_10: i had risen and went out with a captain to enjoy of e of the bluffs
	layer_12: i had risen and went out with a captain to enjoy o fe of the bluffs

file: 6455-66379-0019.flac
expected: there it is exclaimed the captain stop her
	layer_2: tlheyrtais exclin thichaptaan stoper
	layer_4: lerid i s exclen the capten stopper
	layer_6: lerdyis exclain the captains stopper
	layer_8: leorida is exclaimed the captains topper
	layer_10: lerids exclaimed the captain stoper
	layer_12: leorids exclaimed the captain stoper

file: 1686-142278-0000.flac
expected: he was gone
	layer_2: he was gone
	layer_4: he was gong
	layer_6: he was gone
	layer_8: he was gone
	layer_10: he was gone
	layer_12: he was gone

file: 1686-142278-0001.flac
expected: no more deep blue skies or crimson and amber tints
	layer_2: no wo dep lusekis of chims on nam thetins
	layer_4: no o deep lu skies of cims on nambetins
	layer_6: no mor deep loeu skyes of crimson nanbetings
	layer_8: no more deep blue skies of crimson nambetins
	layer_10: no more deep blue skies of crimson nambetings
	layer_12: no more deep blue skies of crimson nambetings

file: 1686-142278-0002.flac
expected: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her thinking over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_2: she sad by a self at the fire withunlightade candeled on the tabll behind her and gi overh the day the happiwalk happyscatching charful pleain dinne and he uincomfortable misurable woarlking the gaoden
	layer_4: she sat by heself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her a ginlg over the day the happy walk happy sketching cherful pleasan dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the gardden
	layer_6: she sad by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her and ging over the day the happy walk happy sketching cherful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_8: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her anging over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_10: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her inking over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_12: she sate by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her linging over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden

file: 1686-142278-0003.flac
expected: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what ought to have been the deepest holiest proposal of his life could speak as if briefs success and all its superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the sole avowed objects of his desires oh dear
	layer_2: hi weasl she distrbd en than happy hecuse a rinsting he made anything lut t a refus of in possibl while he not many minuscs af tr he had med withthe regection a whatordm afe bem the deepest hollise were pos alof his life cuspek as if its brece succass an ol a supl ficial comsequences of a good house tplever n a grable tocity were the sol oboud objects o msesisys o der
	layer_4: her was she disturbed in than happy hecause ar rinsting her made anything but to refuse of impossible while he not many minues after head med with rejection or what orgde m ave beeng the deepest hoieus repose al of his life cospeak as if its briese success and alles su peficial consequences of a good house clever an agreeble tociety whith ta sol oboued objects of its es yous wo dear
	layer_6: here was she disturbed in than happy because he rinsting had made anything but to refuse of impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection or what orgd have beeng the deepest wholiyes roposale of his life couspeak as if its briefes success an all his superficial consequences of a good house clever iang agreeable stociety with a soul about objects on hisdesyrs oh dear
	layer_8: here was she disturbed and an happy because her ynstinct had made anything but a refusel impossible whil he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what arder have been the deepest holiest roposal of his life could speak as if its briefs success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society werh the soul avowed objects on his desires oh dear
	layer_10: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what wardru have been the deepest holiest proposal of his life could speak as if it's brief success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the sole avowed objects of his desires woh dear
	layer_12: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what wardr have been the deepest holiest proposal of his life could speak as if it's brief success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the sole avowed objects of his desires oh dear

file: 1686-142278-0004.flac
expected: her mother came into the room before this whirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_2: i mother cameing to the room before this worl of thougse wiath a jsted in to anything like order
	layer_4: i mother came into the room before this worl of thougse with a justed into anything like order
	layer_6: o mother came into the room before this wirl of thoughts with adjusted into anything like order
	layer_8: her mother came into the room before this wirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_10: her mother came into the room before this whirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_12: her mother came into the room before this whirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order

file: 1686-142278-0005.flac
expected: mister hale sipped his tea in abstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_2: mister halo sipt his tyenatract ed silence margaeret headthe respanses alnl to herself
	layer_4: mister hale sipt his toe nnowstracted silence margaret had the responses al to herself
	layer_6: mister hale spped his tea inowbstracted silence margaret had the responses al to herself
	layer_8: mister hale sipped his tea an obstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_10: mister hale sipped his tea and oabstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_12: mister hale sipped his tea and abstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself

file: 1686-142278-0006.flac
expected: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_2: she for got that he had not made thin menofer
	layer_4: she forgot that he had not made them enoffer
	layer_6: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_8: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_10: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_12: she forgot that he had not made them an offer

file: 1686-142278-0007.flac
expected: margaret was preparing her mother's worsted work and rather shrinking from the thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_2: margaret was re pairing hem motheis worst it work andre al the shrin kink fron ate thought of thelog eve ming an wishing bet time weae comn thet she my go  r the evvincs of te da again
	layer_4: margaret was repairing her mother's worstivt work and all the shrinking from hfe thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come that she myt go over the evence of the day again
	layer_6: margaret was repairing her mother's worsted work and all the shrinkimg from the thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_8: margaret was repairing her mother's worstid work and all the shrinkime from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_10: margaret was repairing her mother's worsted work and all the shrinking from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_12: margaret was repairing her mother's worsted work and all thes shrinking from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime were come that she might go over the events of the day again

file: 1686-142278-0008.flac
expected: margaret
	layer_2: laongs
	layer_4: lages
	layer_6: langrs
	layer_8: lages
	layer_10: loles
	layer_12: loges

file: 1686-142278-0009.flac
expected: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us all
	layer_2: on speea yyo thaut som whin very seeis tooa so
	layer_4: i onet speak to you bhot some thivery seeis to a sar
	layer_6: i want to speak t you about something very seeious to a sow
	layer_8: i want to speak to you about something very serious to a sow
	layer_10: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us aw
	layer_12: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us aw

file: 1686-142278-0010.flac
expected: very serious to us all
	layer_2: vherry seeris to ha sal
	layer_4: very seris to a sal
	layer_6: very serus to assault
	layer_8: very cerous to assault
	layer_10: very serious to assault
	layer_12: very serious to assault

file: 1686-142278-0011.flac
expected: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any private conversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_2: mister lenics tand never had the or peunlity of hening any puoise consation with a falther affter her reveusl or 'l sthatd wout indee be af very see riesa fair
	layer_4: mister lenics a never had the o posunity of having any puiresd conlesation with a father ofter her revusal or ellsethat whut indeed be af very seer ioes affair
	layer_6: mister lennox ad never had the oppersunity of having any poirer's conversation with a father ofter her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_8: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any puoiroush conversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_10: mister lennox had never had the oppertunity of having any pruioush conversation with ar father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_12: mister lennox had never had the oppertunity of having any poioush conversation with ar father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair

file: 1686-142278-0012.flac
expected: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her
	layer_2: but she soon felt it was not atout anything which having only latelyan sudden ly acgoud could hve givan rised ow an he compicatid thoughts that a fathe wishe taspeak to her
	layer_4: but she soon felt it was not af out anything which having only lately and suddenly a goud could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that a father wishe to speak to her
	layer_6: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly a god could have given rise to an y complicated thoughts that a father wished to speak to her
	layer_8: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly accured could have given rice to any complicated thoughts that a father wished to speak to her
	layer_10: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that a father wished to speak to her
	layer_12: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that a father wished to speak to her

file: 1686-142278-0013.flac
expected: mister hale did not answer for a minute or two
	layer_2: mister haldid not answerform mya dater
	layer_4: mister haledid not aunswerfor mina dato
	layer_6: mister hale did not answer for m mea daht to
	layer_8: mister hale did not answer for a in ae daht
	layer_10: mister hale did not answer for a miradato
	layer_12: mister hale did not answer for a miad atou

file: 1686-142278-0014.flac
expected: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_2: margaret could not ba thes sihe of the suspinse wich waseven more distressing to here fathat thand to herself
	layer_4: margaret could not bay the sight of the suspince which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_6: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_8: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_10: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_12: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself

file: 1686-142278-0015.flac
expected: but why dear papa do tell me
	layer_2: but vy doae afoe din tell me
	layer_4: but wy diapoapout do' tell me
	layer_6: but why di papo do tell me
	layer_8: but why do papa do tell me
	layer_10: but why do papa do tell me
	layer_12: but why do papa do tell me

file: 1686-142278-0016.flac
expected: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_2: because i must kno long o be i ministr in the church of engand
	layer_4: because i must no long ore be in minister in the church of england
	layer_6: because i must no longer be an minister in the church of england
	layer_8: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_10: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_12: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england

file: 1686-142278-0017.flac
expected: but nothing to the shock she received from mister hale's last speech what could he mean
	layer_2: ha nothing to the shokte receipron mhis to hals laspech what could hoe mean
	layer_4: at nothing to the shrocthe receie rom mhis ter hals laws speech what could yo mean
	layer_6: bat nothing to the sthrockthe received from mister hale's lat speech what could you mean
	layer_8: but nothing to the shrockshure received from mister hale's lows speech what could you mean
	layer_10: but nothing to the shroktshre received from mister hale's lost speech what could you mean
	layer_12: but nothing to the shrokthry received from mister hale's lost speech what could you mean

file: 1686-142278-0018.flac
expected: it was all the worse for being so mysterious
	layer_2: it was aln he wors for beingso risterious
	layer_4: it was an e wors for being so rysterious
	layer_6: it was al e worse for being so rysterious
	layer_8: it was allthe worse for being so mysterious
	layer_10: it was al the worse for being so mysterious
	layer_12: it was an the worse for being so mysterious

file: 1686-142278-0019.flac
expected: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_2: wha kang you know long r be aclergsygan
	layer_4: why can you kno longer the acclereg yomen
	layer_6: why can you no longer be a cleregyman
	layer_8: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_10: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_12: why can you no longer be a clergyman

file: 1686-142278-0020.flac
expected: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard unjust
	layer_2: soely ithe bishe witld all wy mo a bout frdry and the hard an just
	layer_4: surly i the bishe whatld all we no about frideri and the hard and just
	layer_6: surely if the bishop were old all we know about frederi and the hard and just
	layer_8: surely if the bishopwere told all we know about frederick and the hard an just
	layer_10: surely if the bishop wre told all we know about frederick and the hard and just
	layer_12: surely if the bishop we told all we know about frederic and the hard and just

file: 1686-142278-0021.flac
expected: margaret i will tell you about it
	layer_2: lokarets i will till your boatis
	layer_4: logaret i will tll you bat jit
	layer_6: lagaret i will tell you about hit
	layer_8: logaret i will tell you about it
	layer_10: magaret i will tell you about it
	layer_12: markaret i will tell you about it

file: 1686-142278-0022.flac
expected: i will answer any questions this once but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_2: ar welaonswo any questres this onece tut ofter tonight leteus naber speak of it again
	layer_4: a er lance are any questures this once but after to night let us neber speak of it again
	layer_6: i el launcewar any questures this once but after to night let us nevber speak of it again
	layer_8: i will ancswer any questiones this ancs but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_10: i will answer any question this wants but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_12: i will answer any question this wants but after to night let us never speak of it again

file: 1686-142278-0023.flac
expected: i can meet the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caused me so much suffering
	layer_2: i can mee the contiquences of my painful misuable dout but it is tnefh orot beyon me to speak el what has cause me so welh suffring
	layer_4: i can need the contequences of my payinful misurable doubt but it is enefort beyond me to speak o what has callse me so rih suffering
	layer_6: i can need the consequences of my painful miserable doubt but it is an effort beyond me to speakof what has callsed me so r suffering
	layer_8: i can need the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has callsed me some suffering
	layer_10: i can reed the consequences of my painful miserable doubt but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caused me somi suffering
	layer_12: i can reed the consequences of my painful miserable doubt but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caused me somi suffering

file: 1686-142278-0024.flac
expected: no not doubts as to religion not the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_2: no not doubtses to relagion nile te slight tes indre to that he paused
	layer_4: no not doubts as to religion nowe the slightus indreto that he paused
	layer_6: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightes injury to that he paused
	layer_8: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_10: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_12: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightest injury to that he paused

file: 1686-142278-0025.flac
expected: margaret sighed as if standing on the verge of some new horror
	layer_2: wargaret side as if standing on the worge ef someen ya hor
	layer_4: largaret side as if standing on the worge of some nahorra
	layer_6: margaret side as if standing on the words of some nahorra
	layer_8: margaret sighed as if standing on the word of some nehora
	layer_10: margaret sighed as if standing on the words of some ne hora
	layer_12: margaret sighed as if standing on the words of some ne horra

file: 1686-142278-0026.flac
expected: margaret how i love the holy church from which i am to be shut out
	layer_2: higol how in nove the hol yjoe frorm wi tr hme to be shut out
	layer_4: wmargarld how i love the whold ecoge fom which rm to we shut out
	layer_6: margaret how i loved the hole y jhurge from which i m to be shut out
	layer_8: margaret how i loved the holy churge from which i am to be shut out
	layer_10: margaret how i loved the holy churge from which i am to be shut out
	layer_12: margaret how i loved the holy churge from which i am to be shut out

file: 1686-142278-0027.flac
expected: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_2: he could not go one for a mone man jito
	layer_4: he could not go on for a moman jat o
	layer_6: he could not go on for a mo man johto
	layer_8: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_10: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_12: he could not go on for am moment or two

file: 1686-142278-0028.flac
expected: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her as terribly mysterious as if her father were about to turn mahometan
	layer_2: wmorbart could not tell what to say a seemed to her es terri byu masterious as if far falthe were about o dohn m him aldean
	layer_4: margaret could not tell what to say is seemed to her esd errib mysterious as if far father were about to to im ma hem atean
	layer_6: margaret could not tell what to say i seemed to her res terribou mysterious as if ar father were about to to him myhammatin
	layer_8: margaret could not tell what to say i seemed to her ras terribly mysterious as if har father were about to thm mahammetian
	layer_10: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to heras terribly mysterious as if a father were about to tun mahometin
	layer_12: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her as terribly mysterious as if a father were about to turn mahametin

file: 1686-142278-0029.flac
expected: the one staid foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seemed reeling and rocking
	layer_2: the one statefundation of her home of hor ideaof r beloveid father thim realling h wooking
	layer_4: the one state foundation of her home of er idea of ha beloved father thimreling in wlocking
	layer_6: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father fhim reling and walking
	layer_8: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father fem reling and walking
	layer_10: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father them reeling and walking
	layer_12: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father them reeling and walking

file: 1686-142278-0030.flac
expected: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the course in which he was now embarked
	layer_2: he swalow down the dry chuokingsof which had beeng heeaving up lrom his heard i te t and going to his bercase he a took downe of volun whiche had often been reading  lakle id from which he thought he ha de rivesrinth to inter upon the cous ind which he was know in wo
	layer_4: he swallowd down the drygh choking sof which had been heaving up from his heart eiterto and going to his bocase hehad took down af volun which he had often bein reading lately i from which he thought he had derived strinth to inter upon the course in which he was now an bof
	layer_6: he swallowed down the dry choking sob which had been heaving up fron his heart iterto and going to his bookcase he had took down a volune which he had ofteen been weading lately from which he thought he had derived strength to enterupon the course in which he was now in bohe
	layer_8: he swallowed down the dry choking sob which had been heaving upfrom his heart hitherto and going to his borokcase he had took down a volume which he had often been reading lately nd from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the couse in which he was now enbobed
	layer_10: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase heh took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the course in which he was now embobed
	layer_12: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the course in which he was now embobed

file: 1686-142278-0031.flac
expected: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm round her waist
	layer_2: lnisten dy malgart said he but in one aomeroun hr rast
	layer_4: lisent dea magaret said he put ing one amround her racte
	layer_6: listen dear margaret said he put hing went am around her raste
	layer_8: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm around her waist
	layer_10: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm around her waist
	layer_12: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm around her waist

file: 1686-142278-0032.flac
expected: when god will not use thee in one kind yet he will in another
	layer_2: when gaod wll not use den one kind yet he will and a nother
	layer_4: when god will not useden one kind yet he will and another
	layer_6: when god will not use dean one kind yet he will in another
	layer_8: when god will not use daen one kind yet he will in another
	layer_10: when god will not use deean one kind yet he will in another
	layer_12: when god will not use deean one kind yet he will in another

file: 1686-142278-0033.flac
expected: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifying thy vows thou pretendest a necessity for it in order to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_2: if when though are chlge with corrupting galdswurship farlsio find thywols theurh pretendest and tsessisty or it onder to a continuancs in the inistry
	layer_4: if when though are charged with corrupting galds worship for so find thy wels theug pretendust and necessesty for it on oder to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_6: if when thouh are charged with corrupting god's worship fal sifind thy rels thoughe pretendus ad nacessety for it own ode to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_8: if when thou aret charged with corrupting god's worship falsifind thy relths theyug pretendest a necescity for it own anorder to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_10: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifyi thy ralths theug pretendest a necessity for its own an order to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_12: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsify thy ralts theu pretendest a necessity for its own an order to a continuance in the ministry

file: 1686-142278-0034.flac
expected: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courage sank down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_2: as he read this and glance ant mich mor which he did not wead he gaime resaution for himself and felt as if he to c oulde be brave and tfhum in doong what he blieved to be wit ut as he seesed he had margaets low convuls hi solf and his curried sagng down under the cend sens of suffraing
	layer_4: as he read this and glance ant much more which he did not reead he gain resoution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and furm in doing what he believed to be wigt ut as he ceised he heard margaret's low convuls is solf and his clourried sang down under the keen sense of sufferind
	layer_6: as he read this and glance at much more which he did not reat he gain resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be whihte but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive selp and his courried sang down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_8: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gaind resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive selb and his courag sang down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_10: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive selb and his courage sankg down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_12: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive seb and his courage sankg down under the keen sense of suffering

file: 1686-142278-0035.flac
expected: i have borne long with self reproach that would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine
	layer_2: i have bone long woiltd suf rpuch there wuld have rous anymyin less ta pen and cowd le behen mine
	layer_4: i have bone long with salf repoch there ould have rouse any min less tol bin and cowdly then mine
	layer_6: i have bone long with salf repoarch that would have rouse any mind less talrpid and cowrdly than mine
	layer_8: i have gone along with saf reporch thete would have roused any minde less torpid and cowardly than mine
	layer_10: i have gone along with salf reproach thare would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine
	layer_12: i have gone along with salf reproach thate would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine

file: 1686-142278-0036.flac
expected: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_2: he shook his headis hyou wendon
	layer_4: he shook his head as you wint on
	layer_6: he shook his head as you went on
	layer_8: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_10: he shook his head as ho went on
	layer_12: he shook his head as yo went on

file: 1686-142278-0037.flac
expected: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional preferment and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_2: magart i rid to do it i trid to contend myself wits simply refsing ve disedt l refeen and soppin quitey here strangam mik contionce now as i had straingd tod before
	layer_4: margaret i cried to do it i cried to contentd myself wish simply refusing the disnat reverlent and sopping quitely here stranging my conciencs now as i had straind id before
	layer_6: margaret i cried to do it i cried to content myself wath simply refusing the distral preferment and stopping quitly here strangling my conscience now as i had straind it before
	layer_8: margaret i cried to do it i cried to content myself with simply refusing the addisral preverent and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_10: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the addisnal revelent and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_12: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additinal revelent and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before

file: 1686-142278-0038.flac
expected: god forgive me
	layer_2: t gohtiokive me
	layer_4: tthohs igive me
	layer_6: fhoughts togive me
	layer_8: thoughts to give me
	layer_10: thaults to give me
	layer_12: toults to give me

file: 1686-142278-0039.flac
expected: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but few
	layer_2: he rals ind walk up en down the rom speakinging o words of sefll pogi an hutheiation a which margaet wasthangkful to habut a few
	layer_4: hereos and walked up and down the room speakinging no words of softly proach and humiiation or which margaret was thankful to herbut a few
	layer_6: heros and walked up and down the room speaking n no words of sofhly proach and humiliation or which margaret was thankful to hear but a few
	layer_8: heroes and walked up and down the room speaking no words of softly proach and humiliation or which margaret was thankful to hear but a few
	layer_10: herose and walked up and down the room speaking no words of soft reproach and humiliation or which margaret was thankful to hear but a few
	layer_12: herose and walked up and down the room speaking no words of soft reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but a few

file: 1686-142278-0040.flac
expected: margaret i return to the old sad burden we must leave helstone
	layer_2: margarert ie retuned to the l said burdin we must lleave helston
	layer_4: margaret i returned to the l said birden we must leave helston
	layer_6: margaret i return to the old said burden we must leave helstone
	layer_8: margaret i return to the oldsaid burden we must leave helstone
	layer_10: margaret i return to the old said burden we must leave helstone
	layer_12: margaret i return to the old said burden we must leave helstone

file: 1686-142278-0041.flac
expected: yes
	layer_2: yeus
	layer_4: nis
	layer_6: nyes
	layer_8: yes
	layer_10: yes
	layer_12: yes

file: 1686-142278-0042.flac
expected: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact details informing him of my intention to resign this vicarage
	layer_2: i ha ritento the bishrp i day sa ive told you so but i forget thngs tus now said mister hale callapting i to ise depressed manner assoon its he cane to took of part matrof bac detaild hin forming him iof my intongeont to resignis peckurage
	layer_4: i have writtento the bishop i day say have told you so but i forget things ju s now said mister hale collapting int his depressed manne as son itshe came to took of hard matrof bac detaild informing him of my intention to resignes peakerage
	layer_6: i have written to the bishop i day say ihave told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapting into his depressed manner as soon as he came to tolok of hard mattrofh fack detaild informing him of my intention to resign thi speakeurage
	layer_8: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsting into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fack detail informing him of my intention to resign this spacarage
	layer_10: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact details informing him of my intention to resign this vacarage
	layer_12: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact details informing him of my intention to resign this vacarage

file: 1686-142278-0043.flac
expected: they are but what i have tried upon myself without avail
	layer_2: they au but what i have trid u pon myself woi tat awa
	layer_4: they aut but what i have tried upon myself wir that awail
	layer_6: they art but what i have tried upon myself withhat awail
	layer_8: they aret but what i have tried upon myself without a wail
	layer_10: they are but what i have tried upon myself without a wail
	layer_12: they are but what i have tried upon myself without a wail

file: 1686-142278-0044.flac
expected: that will be a trial but worse far worse will be the parting from my dear people
	layer_2: that woul be acril but wors farwrs woil wout del parting for my de appeople
	layer_4: that woull be a criale but wose farwers wele wuld departing for my deaa people
	layer_6: that wiull be a crial but worse farwus will we departing for my dear people
	layer_8: that will be a trial but worse farworsh will we departing fom my dear people
	layer_10: that will be a trial but worse far worse will we departing from my dear people
	layer_12: that will be a trial but worse far worse will we departing from my dear people

file: 1686-142278-0045.flac
expected: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_2: he will come tostay rwit us tomoro
	layer_4: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_6: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_8: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_10: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_12: he will come to stay with us to morrow

file: 1686-142278-0046.flac
expected: was it to be so sudden then
	layer_2: was tit to beson saden men
	layer_4: was it to beson sadon men
	layer_6: was it to be some sado men
	layer_8: was it to be some sidon men
	layer_10: was it to be some sider men
	layer_12: was it to be some sider men

file: 1686-142278-0047.flac
expected: what does mamma say
	layer_2: what is momal sa
	layer_4: what is moa say
	layer_6: what is mama se
	layer_8: what is momas say
	layer_10: what is mois say
	layer_12: what is mois say

file: 1686-142278-0048.flac
expected: margaret i am a poor coward after all i cannot bear to give pain
	layer_2: margaret i am a poll call rn oaufter all i cannot bay to give pain
	layer_4: margaret i am a poul cal wand after all i cannot bed to give pain
	layer_6: margaret i am a pool coll ren after all i cannot be to give pan
	layer_8: margaret i am a pool calon after all i cannot bear to give pain
	layer_10: margaret i am a poor callon after all i cannot bea to give pain
	layer_12: margaret i am a poor calon after all i cannot bear to give pain

file: 1686-142278-0049.flac
expected: yes indeed she must said margaret
	layer_2: yes in theed she must said lagard
	layer_4: yes indeed she most said lagared
	layer_6: yes indeed she most said lawgart
	layer_8: yes indeed she most said lawgared
	layer_10: yes indeed she must said largared
	layer_12: yes indeed she must said largared

file: 1686-142278-0050.flac
expected: perhaps after all she may not oh yes
	layer_2: phrhaps after awl she maynot a is
	layer_4: per haps affrall she may not ayes
	layer_6: perhaps oftr all she may not ohyes
	layer_8: perhaps after all she may not oh yes
	layer_10: perhaps after all she may not o yes
	layer_12: perhaps after all she may not o yes

file: 1686-142278-0051.flac
expected: she will she must be shocked' as the force of the blow returned upon herself in trying to realise how another would take it
	layer_2: she wael she must be shot as a force lf the blow returned upon herself an tryingd to ra lize howoannovbher would taket
	layer_4: she walle she must be shot as a forcealf the blowreturned upon herself and crying to rea lies how another would take it
	layer_6: she well she must be shot as a force olf the blowe returned upon herself and crying to relize how another would take it
	layer_8: she well she must be shot as a force of the blow returned upon herself and crying to realize how another would take it
	layer_10: she well she must be shot as the force of the blow returned upon herself and trying to realize how another would take it
	layer_12: she well she must be shot as the force of the blow returned upon herself and trying to realize how another would take it

file: 1686-142278-0052.flac
expected: to milton northern he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her cling to him and for a moment strive to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of the pain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_2: to mil to now them he answed with ha dulllindiffent for heeat poseve that although hes tougt os lav hand made her clamn to him ad for a momenstrie to sot him with heloet heeat the keenuss of tho pain was as freshes ever ing her mind
	layer_4: to millto knor them he answered with a dul indifferencte for he had perceive that although hes daughtas leve had made her clainmed to him and for a moment stribed to soth him with her love he et the keeness of depayn was as freshs ever in her mind
	layer_6: to mil to nor them he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her clinm to him and for a moment tribed to sooth him with her love hyet the keeness of tepain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_8: to mill to northam he answered with a dulml indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her clinm to him and for a moment trived to soothe him with her love yet the keeness of dapain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_10: to mill to northan he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her cling to him and for a moment tried to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of dopain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_12: to millto northan he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her cling to him and for a moment tried to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of dopain was as fresh as ever in her mind

file: 1686-142278-0053.flac
expected: milton northern
	layer_2: mil to ed otei
	layer_4: milto de nothan
	layer_6: miltd d nothan
	layer_8: milto d nothin
	layer_10: mill to d nothin
	layer_12: millto d nothing

file: 1686-142278-0054.flac
expected: yes said he in the same despondent indifferent way
	layer_2: yes said he the saned isponden in difrem way
	layer_4: yes said he nt the sayine dispondem in different way
	layer_6: yes said he in the same despondent indifferent way
	layer_8: yes said he in the same despondent in different way
	layer_10: yes said he in the same despondent in different way
	layer_12: yes said he in the same despondent in different way

file: 1686-142278-0055.flac
expected: but he with his quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_2: tet heng with his quak in choa tove simpthig wreaden her face as in the maror the reflections of his own modydepression and trneded offit hin efet
	layer_4: but he with this qreeck in cuatif symphathy read in her face as in a meror the reflections of his own modidepression and turned it off wih theneffot
	layer_6: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moodyedepression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_8: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moodyd depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_10: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_12: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort

file: 1686-142278-0056.flac
expected: you shall be told all margaret
	layer_2: you shall be told to wabaret
	layer_4: you shall be toldon mobaret
	layer_6: you shall be told o mabarete
	layer_8: you shall be told o mabaret
	layer_10: you shall be told oh margaret
	layer_12: you shall be told oh marbaret

file: 1686-142278-0057.flac
expected: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_2: only helpd me to tell your lather
	layer_4: only help me to tell you other
	layer_6: only helpd me to tell your mother
	layer_8: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_10: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_12: only help me to tell your mother

file: 1686-142278-0058.flac
expected: i am going out for the day to bid farmer dobson and the poor people on bracy common good bye
	layer_2: i am ging uh for the day to bit far the dobsen in the puo peopl on bacy comman goud by
	layer_4: i am going out for the day to bit far the dobson in the pour people on brasy comman good by
	layer_6: i am going upt for the day to bit fathe dobson in the poorl people on bracy common good bye
	layer_8: i am going out for the day to bid father dobson and the poor people on brazy common good bye
	layer_10: i am going out for the day to bid father dobson and the poor people on brazy common good bye
	layer_12: i am going out for the day to bid father dobson and the poor people on brazy common good bye

file: 1686-142278-0059.flac
expected: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_2: whuild you dislike brakng int to her very luche whalgert
	layer_4: would you dislike baking it to her very much walgart
	layer_6: would you dislike breaking it to her very much wmalgart
	layer_8: would you dislike breaking it to her very much malgaret
	layer_10: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaet
	layer_12: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret

file: 1686-142278-0060.flac
expected: margaret did dislike it did shrink from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_2: margaer did as like et did ching from at more thean from any thingthed ever had to doin helife befure
	layer_4: margaret did us like it didhring from it more thanm from any thing she hd ever had to doing her life before
	layer_6: margaret did islike it ditchring from it more than from anything she had ever had to doing her life before
	layer_8: margaret did daslike it ditching from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_10: margaret did aslike it ditching from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_12: margaret did aslike it ditching from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before

file: 1686-142278-0061.flac
expected: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_2: mister hel shooke his had the sponding ty ai priesed er hand nd token of gratitude
	layer_4: mister hal shook his head thesfondingly in pressed her hand ind token of gratitude
	layer_6: mister hale shook his head te spondingly ipressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_8: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_10: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_12: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude

file: 1686-142278-0062.flac
expected: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of crying
	layer_2: margaet us nelyup seit againning to  buirst of kyin
	layer_4: margaret as nerly upsit again in to a burst of king
	layer_6: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of kine
	layer_8: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of cineg
	layer_10: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of cin
	layer_12: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of cing

file: 1686-142278-0063.flac
expected: to turn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what our plans are
	layer_2: to dern her thoulds she said now tell meepa what up lana
	layer_4: to tern her thoughts she said now tell me parpa what up nanza
	layer_6: to durn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what upnanza
	layer_8: to durn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what upnanza
	layer_10: to turn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what upnanza
	layer_12: to durn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what upnanza

file: 1686-142278-0064.flac
expected: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you aunt shaw has i know
	layer_2: you hed ma ma have soe money in dependen of the incomfom the living hav not you on cue has i kdow
	layer_4: you had mamma have some money in dependent of the incom from the living have not you on shor has i know
	layer_6: you ad mamma have some money in dependent of the incomefrom the living have not you on ar has i know
	layer_8: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you on share has i know
	layer_10: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you on show has i know
	layer_12: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you on show has i known

file: 1686-142278-0065.flac
expected: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_2: soven teoe that his always cone to fregerick sin te has ween ar brod
	layer_4: sevent i of that has alwas gonet of frederick sincehe has ween a broad
	layer_6: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has wenabroad
	layer_8: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has weena broad
	layer_10: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has ween abroad
	layer_12: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has ween abroad

file: 1686-142278-0066.flac
expected: he must have some pay for serving with the spanish army
	layer_2: e must have som  payfor serving with espanshamin
	layer_4: must have some  pay for serving with dhe spansh ary
	layer_6: e must have some pay for serving with the spansh army
	layer_8: he must have some pay for serving with the spansh army
	layer_10: he must have some pay for serving with the spanish army
	layer_12: he must have some pay for serving with the spanish army

file: 1686-142278-0067.flac
expected: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his own a hundred is left
	layer_2: fegorick must not surfer fan lagrt doecidely in a farn cuntr so in jusle treetod by us on hurndreseis left
	layer_4: frederick must not surfer saen magaet decidintly in a follegn country so endustly treated by hison ahandrers is left
	layer_6: frederick must not suffer said magaret decidedly in a falen country so injustly treated by his arn he hunders his left
	layer_8: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foregn country so injustly treated by his aurm he hundrers is left
	layer_10: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his aun the hunders is left
	layer_12: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his aun the hunders is left

file: 1686-142278-0068.flac
expected: no
	layer_2: no
	layer_4: no
	layer_6: no
	layer_8: no
	layer_10: no
	layer_12: no

file: 1686-142278-0069.flac
expected: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_2: said mis ty l that would not aswir i must do eomethaink
	layer_4: said mistal that wouldl not answerh i must do somethink
	layer_6: said mist ale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_8: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_10: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_12: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something

file: 1686-142278-0070.flac
expected: i can always decide better by myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arranged so much before he had told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_2: i can oll was desi bettr oy myself and not inflence by those whon my love said he as i halfor poligy for having te rain so miht refoe yha told any one of hits bam te of his emtantions
	layer_4: i can alwys decide bettef o myself and not influenced by those whom my love said he as i half or pology for having araine so mich before ye told any one of his famd y of his imtentions
	layer_6: i can always decide bettefi myself and not influenced by those whom my love said he as a half a pology for having arran so much before yet told any one of his famiy of his intentions
	layer_8: i can always decide better or myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arranged so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_10: i can always decide better for myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arranged so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_12: i can always decide better for myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arragnged so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions

file: 1686-142278-0071.flac
expected: i cannot stand objections
	layer_2: i can olt s tham ofbjections
	layer_4: i can ot s tem objections
	layer_6: i canaltsthem objections
	layer_8: i cannoutstam objections
	layer_10: i cannout stam objections
	layer_12: i cannout stam objections

file: 1686-142278-0072.flac
expected: they make me so undecided
	layer_2: iny make me sow n decieid
	layer_4: i make me so un decide it
	layer_6: i make me so und decided
	layer_8: i make me so und decided
	layer_10: i make me so undecided
	layer_12: i make me so undecided

file: 1686-142278-0073.flac
expected: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of doubt became more than i could bear without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_2: misto hal comtinued a few mont ti go when my mis yu hof dap be kamg more than i could bay without'speaking i roke to mis to bell youw membemis teo bell maorgaert
	layer_4: mister hale continued a few months a go when my missrou have dap became more than i could bey without speaking i roke tomister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_6: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misrue hof dabpt became more than i could bey without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister belle margaret
	layer_8: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dapt became more than i could bay without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_10: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dapt became more than i could bay without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_12: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dabt became more than i could beay without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret

file: 1686-142278-0074.flac
expected: no i never saw him i think
	layer_2: now i never sow him lifethingk
	layer_4: no i never saw him li thing
	layer_6: no i never saw him i think
	layer_8: no i never saw him i think
	layer_10: no i never saw him i think
	layer_12: no i never saw him i think

file: 1686-142278-0075.flac
expected: at any rate he has property there which has very much increased in value since milton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_2: and any rate he has foperty ve which has very mi an resed an velleen is andcs millthin has become such a larguamanefactring town
	layer_4: and any rate he has foperty the which has very mikcinplresed andvalviness and s miltin has become such  largemanu factring town
	layer_6: atd any rate he has folqirty there which has very mih onplreased fin valvines and smilton has become such a large manufactouring town
	layer_8: at any rate he has folkety there which has very much increased fon valviess indc smilton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_10: at any rate he has fockatty there which has very much increased in valvuness ince milton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_12: at any rate he has focketty there which has very much increased in valvuness since milton has become such a large manufacturing town

file: 1686-142278-0076.flac
expected: i don't know that he gave me much strength
	layer_2: i don'l now that he game mg mi srend
	layer_4: i don't know that he gave me my srenth
	layer_6: i don't know that he gave me myh srenth
	layer_8: i don't know that he gave me my strength
	layer_10: i don't know that he gave me my strength
	layer_12: i don't know that he gave me my strength

file: 1686-142278-0077.flac
expected: a private tutor
	layer_2: a priv a cutr
	layer_4: a pridva cutar
	layer_6: a priva tuter
	layer_8: a private cuter
	layer_10: a private cutie
	layer_12: a private cutire

file: 1686-142278-0078.flac
expected: said margaret looking scornful what in the world do manufacturers want with the classics or literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman
	layer_2: said magaret looking scolful wate in he wrldinman factuas want with the casics orletrecture or the ac comelisciops of regentlemam
	layer_4: said margaret looking scoful what in the world en manyu factures wat wit the classics of literiature or the accomlis s o e gentleman
	layer_6: said margaret looking scornful what in the world in manufactures whant with the classics of literature ar the accomplishinens of a gentleman
	layer_8: said margaret looking scornful what in the world in manufactures want with the classics of literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman
	layer_10: said margaret looking scornful what in the world in manufactures want with a classics of literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman
	layer_12: said margaret looking scornful what in the world in manufactures want with a classics of literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman

file: 1686-142278-0079.flac
expected: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows conscious of their own deficiencies which is more than many a man at oxford is
	layer_2: oh said her father some of them lay seend to befind fellows contantse of therown deffishiencies which is more than manyi mant boxslhadis
	layer_4: oh said her father some of them raly seemd to be find fellows contence of the rown deficiencies which is more than many man at boxlat is
	layer_6: oh said her father some of them really seeme to be fine fellows contence of their own deficiencies which is more than man man at boxlet is
	layer_8: oh said her father some of them really seeme to be fine fellows contents of their own deficiencies which is more than many man at boxled is
	layer_10: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows contients of their own deficiencies which is more than many man at boxlot is
	layer_12: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows contents of their own deficiencies which is more than many man at boxfot is

file: 1686-142278-0080.flac
expected: some want their children to be better instructed than they themselves have been
	layer_2: so ong the churdren to be pet instrouct evd teen day e hem selfs havr been
	layer_4: som ont the chirdren to be bet in structae tehan they tehemsele havr been
	layer_6: so wont they chilren to be bett instructivd than they themselves have been
	layer_8: soe want thei children to be better instructive than they themselves have been
	layer_10: so want thei children to be better instructive than they themselves have been
	layer_12: so want the children to be better instructive than they themselves have been

file: 1686-142278-0081.flac
expected: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and scenes so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_2: and in miltanwaret i shall find to busylife f not i happy one and peopul and sein so different that i shall never be ren mind of helseton
	layer_4: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life ifnot a happy one and peple and seein so different that i shall never be e mind of helston
	layer_6: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seen so different that i shall never be reminded of helston
	layer_8: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seen so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_10: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seeng so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_12: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seeng so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone

file: 1686-142278-0082.flac
expected: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufacturers the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_2: dhiscordnt as it was with all mist a deetestation for alsehad ever heard of the nar fhar england the manufactrs the keeple the wild and blee country there was this wone recommindation hie would be diffremt from heulston and could nevery mind the mof that bee lovid place
	layer_4: discoodent as it was with all mist a detestation for alshe had ever heard of the norph of england the manufactures the keeple the wild and ble country there was this one recommendation i would be differnt from helston and could nevery mind them offt that beloved place
	layer_6: discordant as it was with almist a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_8: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and bleat country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_10: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_12: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place

file: 1686-142278-0083.flac
expected: when do we go
	layer_2: wen do we go
	layer_4: when doego
	layer_6: when do we go
	layer_8: when do we go
	layer_10: when do we go
	layer_12: when do we go

file: 1686-142278-0084.flac
expected: i do not know exactly
	layer_2: i do not know exati
	layer_4: i do not know exaty
	layer_6: i do not know exact he
	layer_8: i do not know exactly
	layer_10: i do not know exactly
	layer_12: i do not know exactly

file: 1686-142278-0085.flac
expected: i wanted to talk it over with you
	layer_2: i wones o talk it ohe with d yeu
	layer_4: i wane is ha talk it over with you
	layer_6: i want is o talk it over with you
	layer_8: i want is to talk it over with you
	layer_10: i want i to talk it over with you
	layer_12: i want id to talk it over with you

file: 1686-142278-0086.flac
expected: you see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent in i shall have no right to remain
	layer_2: hes see u'r mother knows nothing about itsgetd but i tin in afourt night i'fteo my ded o vrrsicnatinis sentin i shall hav nt rie to en mane
	layer_4: ho see your mother knos nothing about its yet but i think in a fort night afte my ded a resignation es sent in i shall have no rit toenglane
	layer_6: yo see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my ded of resignation is sent him i shall have no right to en lane
	layer_8: you see your mother knows nothing about its yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent hi i shall have no right to enlain
	layer_10: you see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent him i shall have no right to enlane
	layer_12: you see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent him i shall have no right to enlane

file: 1686-142278-0087.flac
expected: margaret was almost stunned
	layer_2: marget wis ola stond
	layer_4: maget was alwahstund
	layer_6: margaret was allwostond
	layer_8: margaret was almos uned
	layer_10: margaret was almost dunned
	layer_12: margaret was almos dunned

file: 1686-142278-0088.flac
expected: but she recovered herself immediately
	layer_2: but she recoved hesself rermet itely
	layer_4: but she recovered herself remudantly
	layer_6: but she recovered herself remudiantly
	layer_8: but she recovered herself immudiately
	layer_10: but she recovered herself emmudiately
	layer_12: but she recovered herself emmediately

file: 1686-142278-0089.flac
expected: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_2: yes pupat it had bet o be fix soon ind discidedly as he say
	layer_4: yes papat it had better be fix soon and desidedly as you say
	layer_6: yes parpa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_8: yes papa it had better be fixedsoon and decidedly as you say
	layer_10: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_12: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say

file: 1686-142278-0090.flac
expected: poor poor maria
	layer_2: oll form e ia
	layer_4: pud pormer reia
	layer_6: pauled poor me reo
	layer_8: palled por maria
	layer_10: palled por maria
	layer_12: palled por maria

file: 1686-142278-0091.flac
expected: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_2: oh if fi wen not marrid e fiwleo but myselfor te wold how easyt would be
	layer_4: oh if i were not married if iwr but myself in the world how easit would be
	layer_6: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easyit would be
	layer_8: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_10: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_12: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be

file: 1686-142278-0092.flac
expected: no said margaret sadly i will do it
	layer_2: no said mlall aert ta yu i will do it
	layer_4: no said maw et sal you i will do it
	layer_6: no said mavwit saly i will do it
	layer_8: no said marvitsally i will do it
	layer_10: no said mauvitsally i will do it
	layer_12: no said mauvirt sally i will do it

file: 1686-142278-0093.flac
expected: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_2: ho must monte seiveyorself in to doubting the reallity of my wrds my fixet intention and resolv
	layer_4: ho must not teceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_6: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_8: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_10: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_12: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve

file: 1686-142278-0094.flac
expected: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had done speaking
	layer_2: he looked at her in the same steady stonbe manter for soe loment s olft to het n speaking
	layer_4: he looked at her in the same steady stony mannow for some loments ofto head own speaking
	layer_6: he looked at her in the same steady stony mannor for some moments after het on speaking
	layer_8: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after hd on speaking
	layer_10: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he'd on speaking
	layer_12: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he 'd on speaking

file: 1686-142278-0095.flac
expected: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_2: the plessing of god bewon bee my child
	layer_4: the plessing of god be upon bhev my child
	layer_6: the blessing of god be upon bhee my child
	layer_8: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_10: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_12: the blessing of god be upon thee my child

file: 1686-142278-0096.flac
expected: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be irreverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter and she threw her arms round his neck
	layer_2: the next mamen she fard les te s answer to his blessig migt be you wivrend rong minte herd him as commi pro his daugter as she thrue herams a round hes nek
	layer_4: the next moment she feaed less thesanswer to his blessing might be  iverent rong migdt heard him as coming prom his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_6: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be uiverent wrong might heard him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_8: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be ereverant wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_10: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be ereverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_12: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be ereverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck

file: 1686-142278-0097.flac
expected: she heard him murmur to himself the martyrs and confessors had even more pain to bear i will not shrink
	layer_2: she heard hem lommen to himself the marces an confecees had be enwore pain to beare i wrilh not trink
	layer_4: she heard hem mlomemen to himself the martes an confees had eenmare pain to bear i will not shrink
	layer_6: she heard him loen to himself the marthys and confesses had even more pain to bear i wiall not shrink
	layer_8: she heard him moment to himself the martis and confessoes hade even more paind to bear i will not shrink
	layer_10: she heard him mormured to himself the martyrs and confessors have even more paine to bear i will not shrink
	layer_12: she heard him mormured to himself the martyrs and confessors have even more pain to bear i will not shrink

file: 1686-142278-0098.flac
expected: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_2: they was statl by hearring withsis hal in quiried for her daurhter
	layer_4: theye were startle by hearing mitsus hale inquired for her daughter
	layer_6: they were startled by hearing missus haile inquired for her daughter
	layer_8: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquired for her daughter
	layer_10: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiried for her daughter
	layer_12: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquired for her daughter

file: 1651-136854-0000.flac
expected: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestick teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_2: in seventeen fifty he came fort in the carater a for which he was em inli quialifid on tejestic teachure of moral and religious wisdon
	layer_4: in seventeen fifty he came forh in the caracter of for which he was eminently qualified an magestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_6: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_8: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_10: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_12: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom

file: 1651-136854-0001.flac
expected: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_2: the vcal woich he chos was that of a parioutical paper which he knew had beenupon former occasions imployed with great s eccess
	layer_4: the vical which he chose was that of a periodical paper whih he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_6: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_8: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_10: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_12: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success

file: 1651-136854-0002.flac
expected: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_2: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was a t los howcronambid
	layer_4: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how ctronavit
	layer_6: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to nave it
	layer_8: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_10: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_12: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it

file: 1651-136854-0003.flac
expected: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_2: i at dourit niht hupon my bedside and resolved that i would notgootosleep till h ad fixtencs titl
	layer_4: i sat doubt it night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not goo tosleep till ii ad fixedant's title
	layer_6: i sat dowbt at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed itts title
	layer_8: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed itts title
	layer_10: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_12: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title

file: 1651-136854-0004.flac
expected: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in as odd a manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect
	layer_2: adisencs not was affiction in which unconnecon fregments of his lucubrations wre prposelyd gombled together in his al emaneras he coauld in ordrtoroduca laughaiblefect
	layer_4: adisonce note was affiction in which unconnect afragments of his lucubrations wfor purposela jumbled together in his a de manner as he could in order to broduceal lahable effect
	layer_6: adisen'e note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations wfor purpose laid jumbled together in his awe demanner as he could in order to roduce a laughable effect
	layer_8: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purpose laid jumble together in as awe de manner as he could in order to produce a laufable effect
	layer_10: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purpose layd jumbled together in as awed a manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect
	layer_12: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purpose layd jumble together in as awed a manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect

file: 1651-136854-0005.flac
expected: whereas johnson's abbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_2: weres jhahncsine she gbriviations our all thestint and a plickabule to each subject of which the had his megi
	layer_4: where ts johnscons of breviations are all distinctd and aplicable to each subject of which the had is mentin
	layer_6: where  johnsons agreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which they had is mentione
	layer_8: where johnson's apbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_10: where johnson's abbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_12: where johnson's abbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned

file: 1651-136854-0006.flac
expected: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_2: for instance there s the folowing spesil
	layer_4: four instance there 's the following specilene
	layer_6: for instance there 's the following specilen
	layer_8: for instance there is the following specailen
	layer_10: for instance there is the following speclen
	layer_12: for instance there is the following specilen

file: 1651-136854-0007.flac
expected: publick calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_2: pmbthe conimities no sens of he previdence of bad hapbits niglagint of time ready tonedertake careles to prsu all chaingsd by time
	layer_4: puble conamities no sense of the previdlence of bad habits neglagent of time readytondertake careless to pursue al changed by time
	layer_6: public canamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_8: public canamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_10: public calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_12: public calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time

file: 1651-136854-0008.flac
expected: confident of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_2: qonfidncs of others onsu specting as on experienst imagining himself securgats neglet never amagons they were venture to treeat him ill ready to rost expecting to be trosti
	layer_4: confidence of others onsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secureegatst neglect never imagines they were ventured to treat him ill ready to prost expecting tod be trusted
	layer_6: confidence of others onsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure a gantst neglect never imagines they were venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_8: confidence of others onsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they werl venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_10: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_12: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted

file: 1651-136854-0009.flac
expected: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_2: you thom bisos as thinking oners esy to be had
	layer_4: you tham bitius as thinking oners esy to be had
	layer_6: yu thambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_8: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_10: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_12: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had

file: 1651-136854-0010.flac
expected: different kinds of praise pursued at different periods
	layer_2: defect kindto prayse persu dat dofferemnpriens
	layer_4: defect kindtoe prais pursued at different perins
	layer_6: deffect kintof praise pursued at different pyrians
	layer_8: deffect kind of praise pursued at different pyriods
	layer_10: defrect kind of praise pursued at different periods
	layer_12: defrect kinds of praise pursued at different periods

file: 1651-136854-0011.flac
expected: of the fancy in manhood
	layer_2: of the fanci an badd
	layer_4: of the fancian badlod
	layer_6: of the fancian badlrd
	layer_8: of the fancian badlod
	layer_10: of the fancian badlord
	layer_12: of the fancian badlod

file: 1651-136854-0012.flac
expected: bruy
	layer_2: rog
	layer_4: rink
	layer_6: rin
	layer_8: grink
	layer_10: drink
	layer_12: drink

file: 1651-136854-0013.flac
expected: scholar's friendship like ladies
	layer_2: scoller frienshie like ladies
	layer_4: scollor frienship like ladies
	layer_6: scolor's friendship like ladies
	layer_8: scholoar's friendship like ladies
	layer_10: scholar's friendship like ladies
	layer_12: scholar's friendship like ladies

file: 1651-136854-0014.flac
expected: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_2: drane  man by words repled by passiens
	layer_4: drawne to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_6: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_8: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_10: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_12: drawn to man by words repelled by passions

file: 1651-136854-0015.flac
expected: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_2: commondangu ou ninht s bmy crushing otheir passions bat they wereturn
	layer_4: commondanger unights by crusshing otheir passions bout they were turn
	layer_6: common danger unites by crushing other passions bout they return
	layer_8: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_10: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_12: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return

file: 1651-136854-0016.flac
expected: equality hinders compliance
	layer_2: equality indes complis
	layer_4: iquality indos complis
	layer_6: equality inders compliance
	layer_8: equality hinders compliance
	layer_10: equality henders compliance
	layer_12: equality hinders compliance

file: 1651-136854-0017.flac
expected: superiority produces insolence and envy
	layer_2: supparirta produces inilence and enthy
	layer_4: superiorta produces insolence and enthy
	layer_6: superiorit produces insolence and envhy
	layer_8: superiority produces insolence and envy
	layer_10: superiority produces insolence and envy
	layer_12: superiority produces insolence and envy

file: 1651-136854-0018.flac
expected: too much regard in each to private interest too little
	layer_2: too och wregde an each to privet interest tlittle
	layer_4: to much regde an each to private interest to little
	layer_6: too much regard and each to private interest to little
	layer_8: too much regard an each to private interest too little
	layer_10: too much regard and each to private interest too little
	layer_12: too much regard and each to private interest too little

file: 1651-136854-0019.flac
expected: of confederacy with superiours every one knows the inconvenience
	layer_2: of confer recy was superias aver one nose dhe in colnvenions
	layer_4: of conferasy was superias ever one knose the in convenionc
	layer_6: of conferacy was superios ever one knows the inconvenience
	layer_8: of confederacy was superiors every one knows the inconvenience
	layer_10: of confederacy was superiors everyone knows the inconvenience
	layer_12: of confederacy was superiors everyone knows the inconvenience

file: 1651-136854-0020.flac
expected: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_2: withe egls now athorty everymand his orn epinion his o interest
	layer_4: with egls nouthorty every mand his own opinion his own interest
	layer_6: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_8: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_10: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_12: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest

file: 1651-136854-0021.flac
expected: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children
	layer_2: man and wife hardly you nit ed scare seve without trilberen
	layer_4: man and wife hardll yu nihted scarseva without chrilbrn
	layer_6: man and wife hardly united scarceva without chilbrn
	layer_8: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children
	layer_10: man and wife heartly united scarce ever without children
	layer_12: man and wife hartly united scarce ever without children

file: 1651-136854-0022.flac
expected: computation if two to one against two how many against five
	layer_2: copo yutathon yif tuto ane against too how med you'e gain'st five
	layer_4: comp utation if two to one against two how meady'gainst five
	layer_6: computation if two to one against two how meddy ogainst five
	layer_8: computation if two to one against two how meny oagainst five
	layer_10: computation if two to one against two how many against five
	layer_12: computation if two to one against two how many against five

file: 1651-136854-0023.flac
expected: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_2: in this as inmany otociases i go wrong in ofposition tue convictun for i think scars any temprl good equally to be desired with the regod and femilliarity of wor the man
	layer_4: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to convictiuon for i think scarce any temperal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_6: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_8: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_10: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_12: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men

file: 1651-136854-0024.flac
expected: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our hearts
	layer_2: i hope wh shall be smetome yer t weach other d hal a or ready way l poring outaur hearts
	layer_4: i hope we shall be sometim yeuar to each other and hae amoreready way o pouring out our heart
	layer_6: i hope we shall be sometime eare to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_8: i hope we shall be sometime nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_10: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_12: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart

file: 1651-136854-0025.flac
expected: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to guard and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_2: igrace esben f it which one frien  cen canfurpon enother is to gord and excite and elevate his vertuans
	layer_4: the greatrst benefit which one friend cen confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_6: the greater tspenefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_8: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_10: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_12: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues

file: 1651-136854-0026.flac
expected: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i can learn useful wise and innocent and a death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_2: this yoor mother willstill prfor if yu dilligently preservf the memory of her life and of her death an li  aso for s i coullearn o full wise and inicent an the death resignd peceful and hory
	layer_4: this your mother will still perform if youdiligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a liftehusto for as i cund learn uful wise and inocent and the death resigned peaceful and horly
	layer_6: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserved the memory of her life and of her death a life sso far as i coun learn itsfull wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holly
	layer_8: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a lifeso far as i can learn is full wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_10: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i can learn is full wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_12: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i can learn is full wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy

file: 1651-136854-0027.flac
expected: i cannot forbear to mention that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act of virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_2: i canot for bhati magonatid neither weason norrevilation di ni you to hope that   mayin crece her happiness by abeying her precets and that she may and her present state lotk with pleasur o ploan every actr vertur to which hure instructions ore example have contriited
	layer_4: a cannot for get to mation that neither reasene nor revilation denis yo to hope that shu may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may ind her present state look with pleasure apon every actor virture to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_6: i cannot forbet to mision that neither reason nor revelation denis you to hope that shou may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every actor virture to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_8: i cannot forbe to mintion that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act or virture to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_10: i cannot forbear to mention that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act orf virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_12: i cannot forbear to mention that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act or virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed

file: 1651-136854-0028.flac
expected: if you write down minutely what you remember of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_2: if you wrie down minduly what you w r member of here from your earliis yers you will readit with grat lesinra and received from it many hins of swithing brecolluction when timech howu remove her yet father from you and your grief sh all be  machured to venerration
	layer_4: if you write down minutely wat youae member of her from your erliast years you will read it with great plesur and receive from it many kince of sothing brecolluction when timeuch ow remove her yet falher from you and your grief shalel be inmatured to veneration
	layer_6: if you write down minutely what you are member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great plessure and receive from it many kints of soothing recollection when time shal remove her yet father from you and your grief shall be n ratured to veneration
	layer_8: if you write down minutly what you r member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet father from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_10: if you write down minutely what you ae a member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_12: if you write down minutely what you are a member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration

file: 1651-136854-0029.flac
expected: no thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_2: n perthirty two on patiencs even under xtrem misery is wonderfully lofty and as at habove the rand of stoceism as the son of ruvolition is briture of than the twiliht of pagonif filosopha
	layer_4: noberthirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stosysm as the son of revelation his brightere  than the twilight of pagan hilosophe
	layer_6: nuber thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stocism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_8: nomber thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of sthoicism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_10: number thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_12: number thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy

file: 1651-136854-0030.flac
expected: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_2: it must indet be alowd that thi structurvehis sentences is expandet and often has some wat of the invirsion of laton and that he delihted to express familiarthoughts in nphillasofica lauage being in this therereversof socritis whoit was said whul ducsed fulose e to the simplicity of comman life
	layer_4: it must indeed be allowed that the structureif his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of laten and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts anphilosophical liguage being in this the reverse of socrities who it was said wre duced philosophe to the simplicity of common life
	layer_6: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_8: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_10: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_12: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life

file: 1651-136854-0031.flac
expected: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in a lexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions
	layer_2: this idled scharge has been ecod from one babllar to another who hawe confounded johsons essays with johson's dictionar and because he fhoughtie rigty in e luxs accalnof aur language do clluct many words which had fallin inter desuse but were supported by gratothorities mit is beit imagionedat that e all of these havebeen intowovin into his own compositions
	layer_4: this idled charge has been echoed from one babyler to another who hov confounded johnson's essas with johson's dictionary and because he thought it wright in e luxa con of our language to colluct many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by greatauthorities it has beet imagined that all of these have been intowoven into his own compositions
	layer_6: this idled charge has been echoed from one babyler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in elexakon of our language to colluct many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been into woven into his own compositions
	layer_8: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbeller to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in alexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been intewoven into his own compositions
	layer_10: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbellar to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in a lexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions
	layer_12: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbellar to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in a lexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions

file: 1651-136854-0032.flac
expected: their styles differ as plain cloth and brocade
	layer_2: their stiles differs plain cloth and broead
	layer_4: their styles differ as playin cloth and brokeuade
	layer_6: their styles differ as plain cloth and broke hade
	layer_8: their styles differ as plain cloth and brokeade
	layer_10: their styles differ as plain cloth and brokade
	layer_12: their styles differ as plain cloth and brokade

file: 7601-101619-0000.flac
expected: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_2: ourxtremis pleasure has somesort of growning an compliting init whuld ou not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_4: ourextremis pleasure has some sort of groaning and compliting in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_6: our extremous pleasure has some sort of groaning and complating in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_8: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_10: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_12: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain

file: 7601-101619-0001.flac
expected: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa felicitas se nisi temperat premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_2: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the mary ipsa ferlicitos say thiseatemperut premit even folicity andles it moderatetself a presses
	layer_4: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the marry ipsa pholicitoss say nesetemperot premite even filicity unless it moderate edself appresses
	layer_6: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the mery ipsa feliqitos say nisc temperot premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_8: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsafheliquitas say nissy temperot premite even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_10: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the mery ipsaferlicitas say nissy temperot premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_12: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the mery ipsaferlicitas say nissy temperot premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses

file: 7601-101619-0002.flac
expected: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tail metrodorus said that in sorrow there is some mixture of pleasure
	layer_2: socrity says that some god tried to mick in one mas and o confound pain and plasur but not being able to do it he befhought him it leastd to cuple them by the tale meter door said that in soro thers somemixure of plaur
	layer_4: socretye says that some god tried tomix in one mass and a confound pain and plasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tail metradoor said that in sorrow ther some mixure of pleasure
	layer_6: socrate says that some god tried to mix in one mass and ta confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tal mettrodor said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure
	layer_8: socrate says that some god tried to mix in one mass and a confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tal metrodor said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure
	layer_10: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and o confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tal metrodor said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure
	layer_12: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tal metrodor said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure

file: 7601-101619-0003.flac
expected: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_2: natyure di scovers sisconfusen to us painter's hold hat the same motions and grmises of the face that serv for weeping sir forlaughter too and endeed before the one of the other be finishd du but observed the paturs manner of handling and you will be indoubt to which of the two the design tens and the xtrem of laughter does it last bringtears
	layer_4: nature discovers this confuson to us painters hole that the same motions and grimises of the face that serve for weeping ser for laughter too and indeed before the one of the other be finished du but observed the painters manner of handling and you will be endoubt to whitch of the two the design tens and the extrem of laughter does it last bring tears
	layer_6: nature discovers this confusion to us painters whole that the same motions and grimices of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to which of the two the design tens and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_8: nature discovers this confusion to us painter's whole that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to which of the two the designe tens and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_10: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_12: nature discovers this confusion to us painter's hole that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears

file: 7601-101619-0004.flac
expected: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb our negotiations
	layer_2: and therefore common and less speculitiv souls ar found to be more proper for and moresuccessful in the management of affairs and the elevated in exquisit apinians of philosity unfit for business thi sharp ve vasity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disterborn a gociations
	layer_4: and therefore common andless speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated an exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vevasity of soul and the supple thandrestless volubility attending it disterbon agotiations
	layer_6: and therefore common unless speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated an exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturbun egotiations
	layer_8: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturbun egotiations
	layer_10: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb in negotiations
	layer_12: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb in negotiations

file: 7601-101619-0005.flac
expected: he who dives into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_2: he who dizs into and in his inquusition comperhens all circumstances and consequences hinders his lection a littlens in well mandale thiss suffisient firxecutions whether of less or breat erwite
	layer_4: he who dizgin to and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled this sufficient for executions whether of less or greater wit
	layer_6: he who dis into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handle this sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_8: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handle is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_10: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handle is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_12: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handle is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight

file: 7601-291468-0000.flac
expected: when the lofty thucydides is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_2: when the loftyth thoug sidiies is abot to litter upon his description of the plagu that decolyted athens one of his modern commintators essurce ho reader that the histr as now going to be exceetdingly soem serius and pathutict and hins withat air of chucpling gratulation with which a good dain daws forth ha choice morsul fom a coubared to wer galae favorit that this plage well give his histery amosta greeaable voriety
	layer_4: when the lofty thughcidities is about to intterupon his description of the pleg that desollated athens one of his modern commentators assurese the reader that the histori as now going to be exceedingly solem serious and pathetic and hince with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame daws forth e choice morsal from a cupbard to erega offavourite that this plag will give his history amost agreeable variety
	layer_6: when the lofty thucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hinte with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice mosel from a cupboard to regaile af favorite that this plagu will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_8: when the lofty thucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favourite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_10: when the lofty thusidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to bregale a favourite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_12: when the lofty thucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to bregale a favourite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety

file: 7601-291468-0001.flac
expected: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_2: sufh of the tro subjects for the hi stori pen
	layer_4: such of the true subjects for the hystoric pen
	layer_6: such of the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_8: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_10: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_12: such are the true subjects for the historic pen

file: 7601-291468-0002.flac
expected: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_2: the fal of empars the decolation of happy countries splended cities smuoking in thir ruans the protised works of art tumbled in the dust the sreks an grons of hole nations asending undo heven
	layer_4: the foll of empirs the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the prodist works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending undo heaven
	layer_6: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_8: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_10: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_12: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven

file: 7601-291468-0003.flac
expected: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_2: theus thos swurms of flis which are so of an execrated is useless vermon or creaded for the sustencaspiters and spiters on the other hand aure evidently made to divour flis
	layer_4: thus those swarms of flies which are so off an execrated as useless vermen are created for the sustinate o spiders ind spiters on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_6: thus those swarms of flies which are so off an execrated as useless verman are created for the sustinante of spiders in spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_8: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_10: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_12: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies

file: 7601-291468-0004.flac
expected: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nouns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apophthegms which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima
	layer_2: ancet trditions speak much  his learning and of the gallent inrods he had mad into the dead languages in which he had made captive o host of greeak nowns and latoin vers and brought off rich booty in ancren sos and apothogoms which he was want to perad in his publthi corangs as a triumfit general of yoor his spollya upima
	layer_4: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knowns and laton verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient sauws and apothigems which he was want to paraede in his public orangs as a triumphrt general of yoor his spolia opima
	layer_6: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothagems which he was wont to parade in his public horangs as a triumphant general of yor his spolia upima
	layer_8: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothegms which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia olpima
	layer_10: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothegems which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia olpima
	layer_12: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothegems which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia olpima

file: 7601-291468-0005.flac
expected: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_2: it was abserved however that he seldom got into an argument without gety into a perplexity and then indo a pasion with his ad rsary for not bein convinced gratis
	layer_4: it was observed however that he seldomb got into an argument without getting into a perpluxity and then into a passion with his advesary for not being convinced gratus
	layer_6: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus
	layer_8: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratiss
	layer_10: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratuss
	layer_12: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratuss

file: 7601-291468-0006.flac
expected: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weathercocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_2: he is abod which he had fixed at a bowry or countryceat ant a short distance from the city just at what is now caled duch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingunuity pattnt smok jaks that requared a horse to work them dutch ovens that rost ed meet without fire carts that went before the horses whether coks that turned against the wind an other wrong heded couontrivadses that a stonished ind con foundeed all beholders
	layer_4: he s aboed which he had fixed at a bowry or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his inginuity pattent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovans that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses whether coks that turned against the wind an other wrong headed couontrivadces that astonished in confounded all beholders
	layer_6: heis abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather coks that turned against the wind an other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_8: heis aboe which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather cocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_10: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather cocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_12: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weathercocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders

file: 7601-291468-0007.flac
expected: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dives in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_2: it is inaknowlege as in swoming he who flounders and splices on the surface mixe more nois in attracks more tension than the purled iver who quitly diesin quest of thrasues to the bottom
	layer_4: it is in knowleddge as in swimming he who flounders and splaches on the surface maxe more noise an attracks mor attention than the pearl diver who quietly dis in quest of trasres to the bottom
	layer_6: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splicshes on the surface makes moore noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dies in quest of trasures to the bottom
	layer_8: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splicshes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dies in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_10: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splishes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dies in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_12: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dies in quest of treasures to the bottom

file: 7601-101622-0000.flac
expected: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintained wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_2: the romaon's by thes means arected their colonies for proceiving their city to grow immasurably populois they easd t it of the most unnecessarypeopl and sent om to him habit and cultivate teland's conquered by them some tomsj alsal they perpesely maintain wars wat some of their anemies not only to keep their own men aaction for fere lest idlenes the mother of corruption should bring upon them someworse in conveenance
	layer_4: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immesurably populous they easd it of the most unnecessary people and senthem to imhabit and cultivate the land's conquered by them sometims also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men inaction for fear lesst idleness the mother of corruption should brang upon them some worse inconveniencs
	layer_6: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceivding their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to imhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lesst idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_8: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear les idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_10: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_12: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience

file: 7601-101622-0001.flac
expected: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_2: and we suffer the ls of along peace lucxdrous more pronitious than wore
	layer_4: and we suffer the ils of a long peace luxuri as more prnicious than war
	layer_6: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_8: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_10: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_12: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war

file: 7601-101622-0002.flac
expected: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_2: and this also was oneresin whyor king fillip consented to cend his sun jown upon a fornexbedition that he might take along with hem a great number of hot youlng men who werth then in his pay
	layer_4: and this also was one reason why our king phillip consented to send his son john upon a forean expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_6: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foregn expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_8: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_10: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_12: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay

file: 7601-101622-0003.flac
expected: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_2: what other en  as the impius artorf the gladiatrs proposeto itself what the slaughter of young men what plasure fed with bloda
	layer_4: whatother end as the impious art of the glad yators proposed to itself what the slaughter of young men what plasure fed with blood
	layer_6: what other end as the impious art of the gladiators proposed to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_8: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_10: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_12: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood

file: 7601-101622-0004.flac
expected: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_2: prince take ty honers delad for thi rain hand be successor to thi fathers hence forth let nonit romby slanfors port
	layer_4: prince take the honurs delad for thy rain and be successor to thy fathers hencefourth let non it rombyslaiin frsport
	layer_6: prince take the honours delayed for thy rein and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none it rom be slain for sport
	layer_8: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_10: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_12: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport

file: 7601-101622-0005.flac
expected: let beasts blood stain the infamous arena and no more homicides be there acted
	layer_2: let beasts blod stan ty infreserina and no more homasides be theire atid
	layer_4: let beasts blood stain the infmoeserina and no more homasides be their actad
	layer_6: let beasts blood stain the infiaouserina and no more homicides be there acted
	layer_8: let beasts blood stain the infaous arena and no more homicides be there acted
	layer_10: let beasts blood stain the infamous arena and no more homicides be there acted
	layer_12: let beasts blood stain the infamous arena and no more homicides be there acted

file: 7601-101622-0006.flac
expected: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_2: it was not enough for thernaefight and odi bravely but cerefully too in so much that they were hist and cursd if the mae any hasitation about receiving their death
	layer_4: it was not enough for then ofight and a dibravely but cerfully too in so much that they were hised and cursed if they made any hisitation about receiving their death
	layer_6: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too in somuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_8: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_10: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_12: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death

file: 7601-101622-0007.flac
expected: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_2: the very girls themseles seth thim on
	layer_4: they very girls themselvs set them on
	layer_6: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_8: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_10: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_12: the very girls themselves set them on

file: 7601-175351-0000.flac
expected: beginning of revolt
	layer_2: theginning of revalt
	layer_4: be ginning of revolt
	layer_6: beginning of revolt
	layer_8: beginning of revolt
	layer_10: beginning of revolt
	layer_12: beginning of revolt

file: 7601-175351-0001.flac
expected: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_2: at this un expected comoand thi suprise was great un board the forward
	layer_4: at this unexpected comand thi surprice was grat  on board the florward
	layer_6: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_8: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_10: at this unexpected command this surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_12: at this unexpected command this surprise was great on board the forward

file: 7601-175351-0002.flac
expected: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_2: likte the firs exclaim son
	layer_4: lighte the fires exclim som
	layer_6: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_8: light the fires exclaim some
	layer_10: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_12: light the fires exclaimed some

file: 7601-175351-0003.flac
expected: what with asked others
	layer_2: ha  with asketontins
	layer_4: what with esked ondans
	layer_6: hat with ashed undonge
	layer_8: what with askhed dundang
	layer_10: what with asked dundans
	layer_12: what with asked dundans

file: 7601-175351-0004.flac
expected: and stuff the stove with the masts added warren
	layer_2: and stuf her stiove with the masts ed an warn
	layer_4: and stuffd the stoved with the masts ed an waran
	layer_6: and stuff the stove with the masts ed and woren
	layer_8: and stuffed the stove with the masts ed and warren
	layer_10: and stuffed the stove with the masts ed and warren
	layer_12: and stuffed the stove with the masts ed and warren

file: 7601-175351-0005.flac
expected: did you hear me
	layer_2: did you hi me
	layer_4: did you he me
	layer_6: did you healr me
	layer_8: did you hear me
	layer_10: did you hear me
	layer_12: did you hear me

file: 7601-175351-0006.flac
expected: who spoke cried hatteras
	layer_2: who sok cried haterus
	layer_4: who spoke crind hattherus
	layer_6: who spoke cried haterus
	layer_8: who spoke cried hatteras
	layer_10: who spoke cried hatteras
	layer_12: who spoke cried hatteras

file: 7601-175351-0007.flac
expected: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_2: i diad said pen advancingng toward s tueccaptain
	layer_4: i did said pen advancign towards the captain
	layer_6: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_8: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_10: i did said penn advancing towards the captain
	layer_12: i did said penn advancing towards the captain

file: 7601-175351-0008.flac
expected: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_2: i say answered pen with enolth i say we've had anogh of it and we won't go any further
	layer_4: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_6: i say answered pin withan oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_8: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_10: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_12: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further

file: 7601-175351-0009.flac
expected: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_2: you shent kilosh with hunger an work in the witer and they shenpt lihte the fairs
	layer_4: you shan't killus with hunger and work in the witer and they shant lighte the fires
	layer_6: you shan't kill os with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_8: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_10: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_12: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires

file: 7601-175351-0010.flac
expected: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_2: if you re peat what the man says answered hatters i'l have you sha up in yeur cabin and gardend
	layer_4: if you repeat what the man says answered hetterus i'll have you shut up in your cabin and garded
	layer_6: if you repeat what the man says answered hateras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_8: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guardend
	layer_10: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_12: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded

file: 7601-175351-0011.flac
expected: a murmur was heard
	layer_2: a murmarwars heard
	layer_4: a marmur was heard
	layer_6: a murmur was heard
	layer_8: a murmur was heard
	layer_10: a murmur was heard
	layer_12: a murmur was heard

file: 7601-175351-0012.flac
expected: the engineer followed by plover and warren went down to his post
	layer_2: she enganear followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_4: the ingeneer followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_6: the engineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_8: the engineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_10: the engineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_12: the engineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post

file: 7601-175351-0013.flac
expected: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_2: the steeme was soon got up the ancrs were wayd and the forward verd away east cutting the yungeyce wit her steele prow
	layer_4: the steam was soon got up the anchers were waid and the forward veired away east cutting the yung ice with her steel prow
	layer_6: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward vered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_8: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_10: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_12: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow

file: 7601-175351-0014.flac
expected: between baring island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to agglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_2: between bearing asland and beachure point theire arera consideable contity o islans in the midst of ice feels the streams crowed ogether in tha little chanels which cut upthis part of the sea they had atended sy to a glomerate under the realtivfly low t emporture homos were form yr an there and these masses already more compacked dencer and closere together would soon form an impenetrable mas
	layer_4: between bearing island and beacher point there area considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had attendancy to a glomerate under the relatively low temperture homocks were formed here in there and these masses already more compaced denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_6: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to a glomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here ind there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_8: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to a glomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_10: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to agglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_12: between bearing island and beecher point there are considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to agglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass

file: 7601-175351-0015.flac
expected: i am beginning not to answered wall
	layer_2: i' beginna not to and swered wall
	layer_4: i'm beginna not to answered wall
	layer_6: i'm begin a not too answered wal
	layer_8: i'm beginning not to answered wall
	layer_10: i'm beginning not to answered wall
	layer_12: i'm beginning not to answered wall

file: 7601-175351-0016.flac
expected: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_2: hatterus still hope to find and open sea beyon the sevenly sofe th paralel as ser edwered beilthure had done
	layer_4: hatterus still hope to find and open sea beyond the seventlycse of at peralel as sir edward belter had done
	layer_6: hateras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventece of ath parallel as sir edward belchere had done
	layer_8: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventychs ofveth parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_10: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy sevent parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_12: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy sevent parallel as sir edward belcher had done

file: 7601-175351-0017.flac
expected: ought he to treat these accounts as apocryphal
	layer_2: ought he to treat theseaccounsces aporiful
	layer_4: ought he to trat these accounces a pocriful
	layer_6: ought he to treat these accounces apocriful
	layer_8: ought he to treat these accountsas apokryphul
	layer_10: ought he to treat these accounts as a pecryphul
	layer_12: ought he to treat these accounts as a pecryphal

file: 7601-175351-0018.flac
expected: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_2: the next day the son set for the first time anding thus the long series of days with twenty for hours an them
	layer_4: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_6: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_8: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_10: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_12: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them

file: 7601-175351-0019.flac
expected: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_2: the men had ended by getting a custome to the continu l day light but it had never made any difference to the animals the green ondogs ent to their rest at thei accustom dour and dick sluppt as regularly every vening as tho darknesshad coverd the scky
	layer_4: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenlandogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick sleppd as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_6: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_8: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_10: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_12: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky

file: 7601-175351-0020.flac
expected: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_2: the doctor by followin jahnsons addvice accustimd himself to support the low timverter he almost always stayede on deck raving they cold the wind an the snew
	layer_4: the doctor by following johnsons advice accustomed himself to supporth a low temberture he almost always stayed on deck raving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_6: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck raving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_8: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always staiyed on deck raving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_10: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_12: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow

file: 7601-175351-0021.flac
expected: there's more than one amongst us who would like to imitate them i think
	layer_2: there 's more than one among stas ho would like to an imintate tha my think
	layer_4: there is more than one among stus who would like to an imetate thatm my think
	layer_6: there is more than one amongstus who would like to and imitate thatn i think
	layer_8: there is more than one amongst us who would like to and imitate tham i think
	layer_10: there is more than one amongst us who would like to and imitate than i think
	layer_12: there is more than one amongst us who would like to and imitate than i think

file: 7601-175351-0022.flac
expected: they are cowards mister clawbonny those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_2: they are cowars misterclau bone tho eenimal s had no provisions as we have and or rblids to seek ther food werd is to be found
	layer_4: they are cowards mister clawbony those animals hae no provisions as we have and our obloige to seek their food were id is to be found
	layer_6: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals have no provisions as we have and are oblige to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_8: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_10: they are cowards mister clawbonny those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_12: they are cowards mister clawbony those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found

file: 7601-175351-0023.flac
expected: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_2: you hope that hatheris will suxcee then
	layer_4: you hope that hatterus will succee then
	layer_6: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_8: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_10: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_12: you hope that hatteras will succeed then

file: 7601-175351-0024.flac
expected: he certainly will mister clawbonny
	layer_2: he certainly will mister clallbony
	layer_4: he certainly well mister clalb ony
	layer_6: he certainly will mister clawwomny
	layer_8: he certainly will mister clawbumny
	layer_10: he certainly will mister clawbunny
	layer_12: he certainly will mister clawbunny

file: 7601-175351-0025.flac
expected: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_2: i of the same u pinioan as youw jonsin and iffee only wanted one faithful combaon he'l have too
	layer_4: im ofe the same opinion as you johncon and i ee only wantered one faithful combaion he'll have too
	layer_6: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companlion he'll have too
	layer_8: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_10: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_12: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two

file: 7601-175351-0026.flac
expected: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grinnell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_2: prince elbert land which the forward was then costing bers awlso the name of grenol land and though hatteris from his hatred to the ancies would never callt by tsamercanname it is the ont it generly gos by
	layer_4: prince elbert land which the forward was then coasting bers also the name of grinel land and though hatteris from his hatred to the anches would niver call it by it samerica name it is the wone at generally goesby
	layer_6: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grinel land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one at generally goes by
	layer_8: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grennel land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the oneit generally goes by
	layer_10: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grenell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_12: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grenell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by

file: 7601-175351-0027.flac
expected: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britannia mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_2: on the eighteent of agus they sigtedt brtonny amountai scarcely visible through the mist and the forward waid ancord the nectday in north humberlan bay
	layer_4: on the eighteenth of august they cihted bratany amountain skarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighd anchore the next day in northumberlan bay
	layer_6: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_8: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_10: on the eighteenth of august they sighted brittania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the foreward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_12: on the eighteenth of august they sighted brittannia mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay

file: 7641-96684-0000.flac
expected: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amongst men
	layer_2: ndasam mordal  polow sopto earm his bread a mont s men
	layer_4: and asmortal a polow sop to earn his bred amonst men
	layer_6: and as a mortal apollo soughp to earn his bread a monst men
	layer_8: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amonst men
	layer_10: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amonst men
	layer_12: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amonst men

file: 7641-96684-0001.flac
expected: afterward people wondered at admetus's ever smiling face and ever radiant being
	layer_2: afterward people wandered ot ad medices ever smiling face an ever radingt beng
	layer_4: afterward people wondered at ad medices ever smiling face and ever rating beng
	layer_6: afterward people wondered at admedaces ever smiling face and ever rating bein
	layer_8: afterward people wondered at at medtacis ever smiling face and ever rating bem
	layer_10: afterwards people wondered at atmetaces ever smiling face and ever rating ben
	layer_12: afterwards people wondered at atmetaces ever smiling face and ever rating been

file: 7641-96684-0002.flac
expected: that was before admetus sailed on the argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_2: that was before id mater saile on h orago with gacon and the cmpanins of the quest
	layer_4: that was before hadmedo sailed on he argo with jason and the copmaniings of the quest
	layer_6: that was before admedu sailed on the argo withjason and thecompanions of the quest
	layer_8: that was before ad meduc sailed on argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_10: that was before had medu sailed on argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_12: that was before had medu sailed on argo with jason and the companions of the quest

file: 7641-96684-0003.flac
expected: thereafter admetus having the love of alcestis was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_2: thereafter ad meadus havin love of alcestice was even morehappy than he had been before
	layer_4: thereafter at meaducs having love of alchestis was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_6: thereafter atmeaduces having love of alchestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_8: thereafter at medus having love of alchestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_10: thereafter at medus having love of alcestis was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_12: thereafter at medus having love of alcestis was even more happy than he had been before

file: 7641-96684-0004.flac
expected: a radiant figure it was and admetus knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_2: a radiint fhigur it was and ad matter s new that dhisws a polow come to m again
	layer_4: a radiant figure it was and ad medtersknew that dis wase a polo come to him again
	layer_6: a radiant figure it was and ad medese knew that dhis was apollo come to him again
	layer_8: a radiant figure it was and ad metac knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_10: a radiant figure it was and edmeedas knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_12: a radiant figure it was and edmedas knew that this was apollo come to him again

file: 7641-96684-0005.flac
expected: but apollo turned to admetus a face that was without joy
	layer_2: but apolow turned to admeducs a fate thotwas without joy
	layer_4: but apollo turn to admedics a face that was without joy
	layer_6: but apollo turned to admedic a face that was without joy
	layer_8: but apollo turned to admetice a face that was without joy
	layer_10: but apollo turned to admetace a face that was without joy
	layer_12: but apollo turned to admetace a face that was without joy

file: 7641-96684-0006.flac
expected: what years of happiness have been mine o apollo through your friendship for me said admetus
	layer_2: what yous of happin ess have been min no polo through your friendship fom me said ned mittuce
	layer_4: what youse of happiness have been min kno polo through your friendship for me said nedmetdice
	layer_6: what us hof happiness have been min o pollo through your friendship for me said nedmedic
	layer_8: what ous of happiness have been mie o apollo through your friendship for me said ned medac
	layer_10: what us of happiness have been mine o apollo through your friendship for me said ned medac
	layer_12: what ues of happiness have been mine o apollo through your friendship for me said ned medacn

file: 7641-96684-0007.flac
expected: but still apollo stood before him with a face that was without joy
	layer_2: buet still a polo stood befortim with a fa etwas without jroy
	layer_4: but still a palow stood beform with a face tho was without joy
	layer_6: but still a paullo stood befor him with a face thaut was without jroy
	layer_8: but still apollo stood before him with a face that was without joy
	layer_10: but still apollo stood before him with a face that was without joy
	layer_12: but still apollo stood before him with a face that was without joy

file: 7641-96684-0008.flac
expected: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to admetus
	layer_2: he spoekeand his voice was not tha clear and vibrent voice that he had once in speaking to rad metie
	layer_4: he spoke in his voice was not that clear anviborant voice that he had once in speaking to had medice
	layer_6: he spoke in his voice was not that clear in vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to hed medace
	layer_8: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he ad once in speaking to her medice
	layer_10: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he at once in speaking to her medicen
	layer_12: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he at once in speaking to her medicen

file: 7641-96684-0009.flac
expected: admetus admetus he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_2: ad mijuce ad metis he said it is froeme to tell you that yu may no more lookon thoblu skyon or walk upon the greenerth
	layer_4: admedice admedic he said it is from mey to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the greenearth
	layer_6: admedice admeduce he said it is fror me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_8: admedic ad medic he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_10: admeduc ad medu he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_12: admetu ad medus he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth

file: 7641-96684-0010.flac
expected: it is for me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to him admetus admetus know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_2: it is  me to tell you that the gard of the underwo dt wel have yoeu come tre mad mutuce and meduce now that even now the gord of thanderld is sending death for you
	layer_4: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underwa dt will have you come to  mad matice and medice know that even now the god of thunderal is sending death for you
	layer_6: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underwarld will have you come to a mad metdis and medice know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_8: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a mad medace and medace know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_10: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a madmedice and medace know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_12: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a mad medace and medace know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you

file: 7641-96684-0011.flac
expected: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go admetus
	layer_2: if one will go willing le an thy place with death dho'u can't still live on go ad metice
	layer_4: if one will go willingly and thy place with death thou can't still live on go ad medice
	layer_6: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou can't still live on go admedic
	layer_8: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go ad medice
	layer_10: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go ad medice
	layer_12: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go admedice

file: 7641-96684-0012.flac
expected: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grinding corn between two stones
	layer_2: nd then he came pon ancient woman whoh sat upontstrons in the curtard griin corn betweeng twoo stones
	layer_4: and then he came pona ancient woman who sat upon stoens in the curtcyard gringan corn between two stones
	layer_6: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stolons in the courtyard grindnon corn between two stones
	layer_8: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stolens in the courtyard grynddin corn between two stones
	layer_10: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stolns in the court yard gran dind corn between two stones
	layer_12: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stolns in the court yard gran dind corn between two stones

file: 7641-96684-0013.flac
expected: there she was sitting as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knees shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her matted hair
	layer_2: there she was signn as he had first no er with hr eys blerd and er nmes shakined and with the dust of the cort yard an the husks of the qornan hr matedtair
	layer_4: there she was sidin as he had first noter with her eyes blird anderines shakingd and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her mated har
	layer_6: there she was sydden as he had first nowte her with her eyes bleared and her nys shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn and her madded hair
	layer_8: there she was sideng as he had first knowned her with her eyes bleared and her knee shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn and her matded hair
	layer_10: there she was sidtin as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knee shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn and her matted hair
	layer_12: there she was siddin as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knee shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn and her matted hair

file: 7641-96684-0014.flac
expected: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the king and go with death
	layer_2: he went ooer and spoped her and he aster to take tha placeof the ken and go with death
	layer_4: he went to r and spoked oher and he ast her to take the place of the keen and go with death
	layer_6: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and go with death
	layer_8: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and go with death
	layer_10: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and go weth death
	layer_12: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and go with death

file: 7641-96684-0015.flac
expected: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_2: but when she heard the name of deth hora came into th face of th ancire woman and she cried out that she wouldkno let detht come near her
	layer_4: but when she heard the name of death hor came into the face of the ancie woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_6: but when she heard the name of death horr came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_8: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_10: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_12: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her

file: 7641-96684-0016.flac
expected: admetus took the man's shriveled hand and he asked him if he would not take the king's place and go with death that was coming for him
	layer_2: atd mejistook e man shiewild hand and the asom if yu would not take the king's place and goth death that was coming for him
	layer_4: ad medis took the man's shiveled hand and the asthim if you would not take the king's place and goth death that was coming for him
	layer_6: ad medise took the man' shiveled hand and he asked him if you would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_8: ad medistook the man' shivelled hand and he asked him if you would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_10: admedis took the man's shiveled hand andhe asked him if you would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_12: admedis took the man's chivelled hand and he asked him if you wuld not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him

file: 7641-96684-0017.flac
expected: then admetus went into the palace and into the chamber where his bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of the underworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones around the palace would take his place
	layer_2: then ad mendise wintin to the polce and into the chamblor hs bedwas and he lai down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death thot was commond for him from the gaod of londl world and he lemented that none of the recheg ones roun pouse woured take is place
	layer_4: then admedice wint in to the paace and into the chambrwors bedwas and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coman for him from the god of lande world and he lemented that none of the wretched ones round e pouse would take his place
	layer_6: then admeduce went in to the palace and into the chambewoars bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of landel world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round te palce would take his place
	layer_8: then ad medace went in to the palace and into the chamberer's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of landaworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the palace would take his place
	layer_10: then ad medac went into the palace and into the chamberwers bed was andhe lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of landa world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the palace would take this place
	layer_12: then ad medas went into the palace and into the chamber wir's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of nlanda world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the palace would take his place

file: 7641-96684-0018.flac
expected: one should go in your place for you are the king and have many great affairs to attend to
	layer_2: one should go on your place for you are the kin and have many grea to fair sto attentyou
	layer_4: one should go on your place for you are the kein and have many great affair sto attend to
	layer_6: one should go on your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend to
	layer_8: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend to
	layer_10: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend to
	layer_12: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend to

file: 7641-96684-0019.flac
expected: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_2: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_4: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_6: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_8: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_10: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_12: now the footsteps seemed to stop

file: 7641-96684-0020.flac
expected: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_2: it was not so teribl for him as before
	layer_4: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_6: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_8: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_10: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_12: it was not so terrible for him as before

file: 7641-96684-0021.flac
expected: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_2: and the word s he hitd spoken he would have taken back the word sa ad brought her consent to go wish ddeath in his place
	layer_4: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words tha ad brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_6: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words the had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_8: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_10: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_12: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place

file: 7641-96684-0022.flac
expected: death would soon be here for her
	layer_2: det the wod soon bechere for her
	layer_4: death t wood soon behear for her
	layer_6: death would soon be here for her
	layer_8: death would soon be here for her
	layer_10: death would soon be here for her
	layer_12: death would soon be here for her

file: 7641-96684-0023.flac
expected: no not here for he would not have death come into the palace
	layer_2: kno not her for yheu would not have det come ento the pouse
	layer_4: kno not here for heu would not have death come into the pause
	layer_6: no not here for he would not have death come into the pause
	layer_8: no not here for he would not have death come into the palce
	layer_10: no not here for he would not have death come into the palace
	layer_12: no not here for he would not have death come into the palace

file: 7641-96684-0024.flac
expected: he lifted alcestis from the bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_2: he liftid ol cust his frong bed and ecarried er from the pause
	layer_4: he lifted olcastis tfrong bed and he carrieder from the palace
	layer_6: he lifted alkestus trong bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_8: he lifted aucestus throng bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_10: he lifted alkestis trong bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_12: he lifted alkestis trong bed and he carried her from the palace

file: 7641-96684-0025.flac
expected: no more speech came from her
	layer_2: nolare spech came from her
	layer_4: no mawe speech came from her
	layer_6: no morer speech came from her
	layer_8: no more speech came from her
	layer_10: no more speech came from her
	layer_12: no more speech came from her

file: 7641-96684-0026.flac
expected: and as for admetus he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alcestis had lain and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_2: and as for ad meders he went withind the chamber an nolt besid ee bed on whicshall cest is sadlan and thoughpt of his tarible loss
	layer_4: and as for ad meters he went within the chamber and knelte besidethe bed on wich all cestis sadlaine and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_6: and as for admedars he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which all kastus sad laine and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_8: and as for admedas he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which il castus shad lain and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_10: and as for hadmeturs he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which al castus had lain and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_12: and as for hadmeturs he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which ale castus had lain and thought of his terrible loss

file: 7641-96684-0027.flac
expected: to what god is that sacrifice due
	layer_2: tl what gard dis that sactf i sdoo
	layer_4: to what god as that sacfice du
	layer_6: to what god dos that sacfice do
	layer_8: to what god does that sacrfice do
	layer_10: to what god does that sacrifice do
	layer_12: to what god does that sacrifice do

file: 7641-96684-0028.flac
expected: and then heracles felt that another labor was before him
	layer_2: and then rokles felt that knoter labour was before him
	layer_4: and then brocklys felt that another labor was before him
	layer_6: and then rochles felt that another labor was before him
	layer_8: and then hraclis felt that another labor was before him
	layer_10: and then hraclys felt that another labour was before him
	layer_12: and then hracles felt that another labour was before him

file: 7641-96684-0029.flac
expected: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death brings down into the realm of the god of the underworld
	layer_2: i have driged op from the undrld he thought the hound that gards lows whom detpereean sown intero the ralunm of the gad of thunderwald
	layer_4: i have draged up from the undwarld he thought the hound tha guards lowse whom deathperen sown into the realm of the god of theunderwold
	layer_6: i have dragged up from the undewrld he thought the hound that guards los whom death bereng sdown into the realm of the god of the underwold
	layer_8: i have dragged up from the underwrld he thought the hound that guards those whom death breen stown into the realm of the god of the underworld
	layer_10: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death breangs down into the realm of the god of the underwold
	layer_12: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death breangs down into the realm of the god of the underwold

file: 7641-96684-0030.flac
expected: why should i not strive with death
	layer_2: why shouldi not strive with death
	layer_4: why should i not strive with death
	layer_6: why should i not strive with death
	layer_8: why should i not strive with death
	layer_10: why should i not strive with death
	layer_12: why should i not strive with death

file: 7641-96684-0031.flac
expected: and what a noble thing it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_2: and wade e noble fhan it would be to bring back tis fathful woman to her house and to here husband
	layer_4: and wate a noble thin it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_6: and what a noble thin it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_8: and what a noble theng it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_10: and what a noble theng it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_12: and what a noble thing it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband

file: 7641-96684-0032.flac
expected: he left the palace of admetus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_2: he left te paulse of ead madeus and he winto the tcemple of the gods
	layer_4: he left the palace of ad maduce and he went to the cemple of the gods
	layer_6: he left the palace of at meaduce and he went to the tample of the gods
	layer_8: he left the palace of at medus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_10: he left the palace of at merus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_12: he left the palace of at medrus and he went to the temple of the gods

file: 7641-96684-0033.flac
expected: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without bringing one with you
	layer_2: you are held by me doeth and you will not be let go ind less you promisetor go forth from the stample without breinging one with you
	layer_4: you are held by me death and you will not be let go en less you promised to go forth from thi stample without bringing one with you
	layer_6: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this tample without bringing one with you
	layer_8: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this stample without bringing one with you
	layer_10: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this sample without bringing one with you
	layer_12: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this sample without bringing one with you

file: 7641-96684-0034.flac
expected: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of the underworld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him
	layer_2: and death knoing that herractles could hold him there and tat the business omf the gad of mander wlsd would be left on done if ye were held promised that he ad leaved the temple withoutbrein one withhimg
	layer_4: and death knowing that haracklese could hold him there and that the business of the god of munderward would be left on done if ye were held promised that he wouled leave the temple without bren one with him
	layer_6: and death knowing that haracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of thanderwarld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without brin one with him
	layer_8: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of h aunderworld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bring one with him
	layer_10: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of th underworld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him
	layer_12: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of the underworld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him

file: 7641-96684-0035.flac
expected: she was veiled and admetus could not see her features
	layer_2: she was veild an hadmendice could not see her features
	layer_4: she was vailed and admedice could not see her fuatures
	layer_6: she was veiled and admedace could not see her feutures
	layer_8: she was veiled and at medace could not see her features
	layer_10: she was veiled and a metaceins could not see her features
	layer_12: she was veiled and a metaceis could not see her features

file: 7641-96684-0036.flac
expected: here is a woman whom i am bringing back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_2: here is a wilman who mi am breang back to er husbmand i wone her from an eneme
	layer_4: here is a woman whom i am brin back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_6: here is a woman whom i am bring back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_8: here is a woman whom i am bring back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_10: here is a woman whom i am bringing back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_12: here is a woman whom i am bringing back to her husband i won her from an enemy

file: 7641-96684-0037.flac
expected: this i cannot do said admetus i have had pangs enough
	layer_2: this i cannot do saidered meduc a've had pains anogh
	layer_4: this i cannot do said ud medic i've had pains enough
	layer_6: this i cannot do said e medac i'ave had pains enough
	layer_8: this i cannot do said ur medic i've had pains enough
	layer_10: this i cannot do says u medu ive had pains enough
	layer_12: this i cannot do says urd medus i've had pains enough

file: 7641-96684-0038.flac
expected: then admetus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the threshold of his house
	layer_2: then at meter sraised the vaile of the woman he had taken cross of the thir shoud of his hous
	layer_4: then at meadoews raised the veil of the woman he had taken across of the thir shoulde f his heuts
	layer_6: then at meads raised the veil of the woman he had taken across nthe thirshoulder of his hoaufs
	layer_8: then at medus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across  the thirshholder of his house
	layer_10: then at medous raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thresholder of his house
	layer_12: then at medus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thresholder of his house

file: 7641-96252-0000.flac
expected: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same
	layer_2: thus when dogmas leadit what the man rally and in general wills remain still the same
	layer_4: thus whin dogmas ledit what the man rally and in general willvs remain still the same
	layer_6: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remaine still the same
	layer_8: thus when dogma's lead it what the man really and in general wills remain still the same
	layer_10: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same
	layer_12: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same

file: 7641-96252-0001.flac
expected: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdity of their means
	layer_2: for these are careful anly for themselves for ther on egism just lig abandit from whom there only disti uish by tobserty of their means
	layer_4: for these are careful only for themselves for their on eagoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distung uishd by the obserty of their means
	layer_6: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the obsurty of their means
	layer_8: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurity of their means
	layer_10: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurity of their means
	layer_12: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurity of their means

file: 7641-96252-0002.flac
expected: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogmas example and custom
	layer_2: the deds and conduct a an end ividual und ofvination mayye be verry much motified to dagwas example andcustom
	layer_4: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of anation may be very much modified togh dogwas example and custom
	layer_6: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified though dogwas example and custom
	layer_8: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogwas example and custom
	layer_10: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogmas example and custom
	layer_12: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogwa's example and custom

file: 7641-96252-0003.flac
expected: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_2: with an equal dogree of wickeness one man mayd dieao mawal and another inthe bozzm of is family
	layer_4: with an equal dgree of wickedness one man may die on the whiell and another in the bosm of his family
	layer_6: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_8: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_10: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_12: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family

file: 7641-96252-0004.flac
expected: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_2: it is conceiveable thya perfet state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmaly believe docton of r wards and punshments after death light prevent every crime politicalyg much would beganed ther vy morly nothing on ar the expression of the will in life would be r stricte
	layer_4: it is conceiveable thya perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believe doctione of rwards and punchments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gaine dt their vy morugly nothing onlear the expression of the will in life would be or stricted
	layer_6: it is conceivable thy a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punchments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gaind t there vy marally nothing onley the expression of the will in life would be erestricted
	layer_8: it is conceivable thy a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punchments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_10: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punshments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_12: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted

file: 7641-96252-0005.flac
expected: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_2: we who year seek tlhe theri of veirtu and have there for aset expresseve stracty the natroef the kolge which lis at ets foundation will yet be unable to convay that nage itself in this suxpression
	layer_4: we who hear seek the theory of virtue and have therefore ausi to express ive stractly the natue of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowege itself in this expression
	layer_6: we who heare seek the theory of virtue and have therefore aulso to express ivestractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_8: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_10: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_12: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression

file: 7641-96252-0006.flac
expected: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a gulf only belongs to a fleeting and illusive phenomenon
	layer_2: he seaes hat thei stinction tbetween hmself and elers which truh the bad man as so great a goth only blane thro a fleending and lonce of thaomom
	layer_4: he sees that the estinction between himself and elers which too the bad man is so great af goth only blonds thog a fleeding and loos ofe pheno nam
	layer_6: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which tro the bad man is so great a goth only blond through a fleeting and losive phenomenam
	layer_8: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a goulth only blonds through a fleeting and elusive phenomenom
	layer_10: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a gulfh only blond through a fleeting and elusive phenomenon
	layer_12: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a gulf only blond through a fleeting and elusive phenomenon

file: 7641-96252-0007.flac
expected: he recognises himself his will in every being and consequently also in the sufferer
	layer_2: hevecondmizis himself his will in every ben and consiquently alsor in the suffer
	layer_4: he recomnisis himself his will inever bean and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_6: he recognizes himself his will in every bean and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_8: he recognizes himself his will in everybeinm and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_10: he recognizes himself his will in everybein and consequently also in the sufferer
	layer_12: he recognizes himself his will in everybeing and consequently also in the sufferer

file: 7641-96252-0008.flac
expected: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_2: but lohers the necessary and inevredbl symptim of that knoldge
	layer_4: but the laders the necessary and inneverdable symptim of that knowlege
	layer_6: but the ladter s the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_8: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_10: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_12: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge

file: 7641-96252-0009.flac
expected: the opposite of the sting of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_2: the opsit of the stiane of consciencs the orgein and sugnificins of which is explained above is e goodconsciens the sasfaction which y experiences after every disinterested ded
	layer_4: the obsite of the stne of conscience the orige ind and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_6: the oposite of the stene of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_8: the opposite of the steen of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is a good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_10: the opposite of the steen of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is he good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_12: the opposite of the stein of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed

file: 7641-96252-0010.flac
expected: the good man lives in a world of friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_2: tho good man lives in world afriendly inviduals the well bein a vany of rom heregards as this own
	layer_4: the good man lives in world af friendly ind viduals the well be in a vany of whom hereegards as this own
	layer_6: the good man lives in world of friendly in viduals the well be in a vany of whom heregards as his own
	layer_8: the good man lives in a world of friendly indviduals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_10: good man lives in a world of friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_12: good man lives in a world of friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own

file: 7641-96252-0011.flac
expected: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make his disposition a joyful one yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beings gives him a certain evenness and even serenity of disposition
	layer_2: therefore althowgh the nadge of the lot of menkin generally does not ma koalds disposition adjoyfone yet the prmanen molge of is o natur in all livin beans gives him certnan eveness and aven srendy of dispisition
	layer_4: therefore although the knodge of the lot of mankind generally does not mak ats disposition adjoyforne yet the permanen kmolege of his o nature in all living beeans gives hom a certain evenness and aven surendy of disposition
	layer_6: therefore although the knowdge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyforn yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serendy of disposition
	layer_8: therefore although the knowldge of the lot of mankind generally does not make hits disposition a joyfon yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serendy of disposition
	layer_10: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyfoine yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evinness and aven serendy of disposition
	layer_12: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make hits disposition a joyfine yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evinness and aven serendy of disposition

file: 7641-96252-0012.flac
expected: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one
	layer_2: for t einterest which is extendedt i nu erballd my infystations cannot case suchingxiety as that which his consetrated upon one
	layer_4: for th interest which is extended to in nuwmerbld menfastations cannot cause suchanxiety as that which is consetrated upon one
	layer_6: for the interest which is extended to ennuwmerabld manifastations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is consetrated upon one
	layer_8: for the interest which is extended to ennumerabld manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concetrated upon one
	layer_10: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifistations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concetrated upon one
	layer_12: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifistations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one

file: 7641-96252-0013.flac
expected: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalise themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_2: laxcidencs which concern ind visuals clectively equalis amselves wilethose which happene to the particular ind vhidualf constupe good or bad fortun
	layer_4: laxccidens which concern indviduals collectively equalies himselves while those which happened to the particular indvidual constute good or bad fortune
	layer_6: accidents which concern inividuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happened to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_8: e accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_10: accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_12: accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to that particular individual constitute good or bad fortune

file: 7641-96252-0014.flac
expected: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no ought or law to prescribe to the eternally free will
	layer_2: thus though other's have set op moral princepols which they give out is presciptioncs fovertu and laws which it was necessare fallowg i as has alry been said cannot do this because i have no ot or loc rescibe to lheturnaly free will
	layer_4: thus though others have set up moral princeipls which they gaive out is prescriptions fr virtue and laws which it was necessary ed follow i as has alra been said cannot do this because i have no ought or lat rescribed to the raetornally free will
	layer_6: thus though others have set up moral principles which they gave out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary d follow i as has alray been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lout rescribed to the eternally free will
	layer_8: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has alread been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lawt rescribe to he eternally free will
	layer_10: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lawt rescribed to the eternally free will
	layer_12: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lawt rescribed to the eternally free will

file: 7641-96252-0015.flac
expected: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring the individuality of another to its own
	layer_2: forthe than this i cannot go for tergue this no reason fromperferd ein th individualidy of molher to its ouwn
	layer_4: forther than this it cannot go for ther exs this no reason for preferred in  individuality of mother to its own
	layer_6: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferrid in te indifviduality of nother to its own
	layer_8: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring in the individuality of another to its own
	layer_10: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring ing the individuality of another to its own
	layer_12: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring in the individuality of another to its own

file: 7641-96252-0016.flac
expected: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweigh the regard for one's own particular well being
	layer_2: yet the number of other individuals whose whol hap nesr life as andang er may outwayther gard for ones own pirticular will bing
	layer_4: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happnesor life is in danger may outwayther  gard for ones own particular wellbeing
	layer_6: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may out waytheir gard for one's own particular well being
	layer_8: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outwaigh their guard for one's own particular well being
	layer_10: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweigh ther guard for one's own particular wellbeing
	layer_12: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweigh ther guard for one's own particular wellbeing

file: 7641-96252-0017.flac
expected: so died socrates and giordano bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hands of the priests
	layer_2: so did socetes angeuar domo brno and so many hereof the truthe suffered deth aut the stake at the hand of f the priest
	layer_4: so died sacrites and gur dano bruno and so many hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priest
	layer_6: so died socrates and gerdono bruno and so many hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests
	layer_8: so died socrates and girdono bruno and so many hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests
	layer_10: so died socrates and girdono bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests
	layer_12: so died socrates and girodono bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests

file: 7641-96252-0018.flac
expected: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own selves or sympathy directed back on its source
	layer_2: weping is ccordinly sympaty with ar own selves or sempt the directed back on hit source
	layer_4: weping is accordinly sympathy withour on selves or symph the edirected back on its source
	layer_6: weeping is accordintly sympathy with our on selves or symphthy adirected back on its source
	layer_8: weeping is accordinatly sympathy with our ownselves or symphathy directed back on its source
	layer_10: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own selves or sympathy directed back on its source
	layer_12: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own selves or sympathy directed back on its source

file: 7641-96252-0019.flac
expected: it is therefore conditional upon the capacity for love and sympathy and also upon imagination
	layer_2: it is therefore conditional upon the cpast yu for lovan sit pathy and alsoon oimagination
	layer_4: it is therefore conditional upon the capastue for love an sit pathy and also pon imagination
	layer_6: it is therefore conditional upon the capastue for love and sypathy and also pon imagination
	layer_8: it is therefore conditional upon the capastu for love and sypathy and also upon imagination
	layer_10: it is therefore conditional upon the capasitu for love and sypathy and also upon imagination
	layer_12: it is therefore conditional upon the capasitu for love and sypathy and also upon imagination

file: 7641-96252-0020.flac
expected: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_2: when we ar moved ta tears not throuhour own suffering but through that o another this happens as follows
	layer_4: when we are moved to tears not through our on suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_6: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happened as follows
	layer_8: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happened as follows
	layer_10: when we are emoved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happend as follows
	layer_12: when we are rmoved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happend as follows

file: 7641-96252-0021.flac
expected: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_2: eithe we vividly put urselves ind te place f the suffer by  magination or see ind his fate the lout of umandyas a whol anconsequently firs of all  oure own lot and thus in o vry roundbout way i is yet alwayes about erselve sot we wep simpathe with ourselveh which we feel this seems to be the principolrieason of the universal and thus natural weepin in the case of death
	layer_4: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the suffer by imagination or see an his fate the lot of human dy as a whole undconsequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very round bout way it is yet always about orself thaght we weep sympathy with ourselve which we feel this seems to be the principl rieason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_6: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humandy as a whole undconsequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very round about way it is yet always about ourselves thoaght we weep sympathy with ourselve which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_8: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very round about wey it is yet always about ourselves thought we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_10: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves thought we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_12: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves thought we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death

file: 7641-96252-0022.flac
expected: first of all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wished for deliverance
	layer_2: for so al he sernanly weps for the fate of the dead bhut he alswheps win after long heavy and in ceurble suffering deathwas to this man a wish fore de liverencs
	layer_4: for so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he alse weeps wein after long heavy and incerable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_6: for so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he als weep's whin after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_8: for so wall he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps whin after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_10: for so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_12: for so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance

file: 7641-96670-0000.flac
expected: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_2: they were in the land thi spepble said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_4: they were in the land the speople said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_6: they were in the land this peple said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_8: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_10: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_12: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky

file: 7641-96670-0001.flac
expected: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with king sesostris stayed in that city of aea and they taught people spells that could stay the moon in her going and coming in her rising and setting
	layer_2: and many of the magitions ofvegop to had come with kines shi csostroess stad e that city o vea and they ta people spellvs that could sta the moanenr a going an coming in arrisang in seting
	layer_4: and many of the magitians of eugypt who had come with keen isaustrous stayed in that city of vaa and they tat people spells that could stay the moon enr a going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_6: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with geen sicaustrous stayed in that city ofvea and they taught people spells that could stay the moonor a going and coming in a rising and setting
	layer_8: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with gheened isaustrous stayed in that city of aeya and they taught people spells that could stay the moon o o going and coming in a rising and setting
	layer_10: and many of the magicians of eugypt who had come with ghened asaustres stayed in that city of aa and they taught peoples spells that could stay the moon o a going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_12: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with sghened asaustres stayed in that city of aa and they taught peoples spells that could stay the moon oagoing and coming in arising and setting

file: 7641-96670-0002.flac
expected: medea too his wise daughter knew the secrets taught by those who could sway the moon
	layer_2: mediar to his wis daughter mnuwt the secrets toet by those who could sway the moon
	layer_4: media two his wise daughter knew the secrets taked by those who could suay the moon
	layer_6: midia too his wise daughter knew the secrets taued by those who could swayv the moon
	layer_8: media too his wise daughter knew the secrets tauhet by those who could sway the moon
	layer_10: medya too his wise daughter knew the secrets taught by those who could sway the moon
	layer_12: medya too his wise daughter knew the secrets taught by those who could sway the moon

file: 7641-96670-0003.flac
expected: for jason was the grandson of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamas their grandfather
	layer_2: for jacin was t a gran sonn of crethious and cretious was thebrother of ta thamas their grand falter
	layer_4: for jason was the gran son of cratheus and cratheus was the brother of athamise their grandfather
	layer_6: for jason was the grand son of cratheus and cratheus was the brother of athamas their grandfather
	layer_8: for jason was the grandson of krethius and crethius was the brother of athamis their grandfather
	layer_10: for jason was the grandson of crethius and crethius was the brother of athamis their grandfather
	layer_12: for jason was the grandson of crethius and crethius was the brother of athamis their grandfather

file: 7641-96670-0004.flac
expected: jason took peleus and telamon with him
	layer_2: trasen tookplious and tlm on with him
	layer_4: jasen took pelias and tel himon with him
	layer_6: jason took pellias and tel himon with him
	layer_8: jason took pellias and tell him on with him
	layer_10: jason took pellias and tell himone with him
	layer_12: jason took pellias and tell himone with him

file: 7641-96670-0005.flac
expected: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phrixus went through the city without being seen
	layer_2: as they came to the city a mist fell and dacen and is comrae witf the suns of frictis whenct thro the city without been cseen
	layer_4: as they came to the city a miset fell and jason and is comrads with the sons of fricis went through the city without been seen
	layer_6: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of frictzcis went through the city without being seen
	layer_8: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of fhrius went through the city without being seen
	layer_10: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of priis went through the city without being seen
	layer_12: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phrisis went through the city without being seen

file: 7641-96670-0006.flac
expected: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_2: the mis lifted and before the heres was the wonder of the palse in the bright light of the mornin
	layer_4: the mist lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_6: the mist lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_8: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_10: the mists lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_12: the mists lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning

file: 7641-96670-0007.flac
expected: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one king a eetes lived with apsyrtus his son and in the other chalciope and medea lived with their handmaidens
	layer_2: on he sid of the cort yaudrward t apouse billings in one keen ay at i slive doith ab sertice his sun and n the othere crelse iopay and meadyel lived t ter hand maeons
	layer_4: on ecside of the courtyadwar the palse buillings in one keen aeti slived uith absertice his son and in the other chalsiope and medie lived thter hand majons
	layer_6: on each side of the courtyard ward the palsed builings in one keen naets lived with absurtist his son and in the other chausiope and medie lived ith their hand majons
	layer_8: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one kee eets lived with absurdust his son and in the other chauciope and mediael lived with their hand maidons
	layer_10: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one keen aetis lived with absurtest his son and in the other chauciope and mediel lived with the handmaidons
	layer_12: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one keen aetis lived with absurtest his son and in the other chausope and mediel lived with the handmaidons

file: 7641-96670-0008.flac
expected: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and medea saw the hawk's eyes and beak
	layer_2: and then adove thou tared her it was been chased by hok andd medy a saw th hockise and bek
	layer_4: and then adove thlou toward her it was been chased by a hok and media saw the hoxeyes and beak
	layer_6: and then a dove flhew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and medya saw the hacks eyes and beak
	layer_8: and then a dove flew towards her it was being chased by a hawk and metia saw the hacks eyes and beak
	layer_10: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and metriya saw the hawk's eyes and beak
	layer_12: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and meria saw the hawk's eyes and beak

file: 7641-96670-0009.flac
expected: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the phasis
	layer_2: we palled away from that place aned dther after we were diven by the wins back to themouth of the fusses
	layer_4: we poulled away from that place and there after we were driven by the wins back to the mouth of the fases
	layer_6: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the pfasis
	layer_8: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the wind back to the mouth of the fasis
	layer_10: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the wind back to the mouth of the facis
	layer_12: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the wind back to the mouth of the fracis

file: 7641-96670-0010.flac
expected: with him there came the mightiest of the heroes of greece
	layer_2: with hem theire came the mightest of the chars of grees
	layer_4: with him there came the migtest of the shaws of greece
	layer_6: with him there came the mightest of the sharows of greese
	layer_8: with him there came the mightiest of the shaows of greece
	layer_10: with him there came the mightiest of the sharows of greece
	layer_12: with him there came the mightiest of the sharows of greece

file: 7641-96670-0011.flac
expected: already he has heard of your bitter foes the sauromatae
	layer_2: ilready he has herd of your biterfos the sore matie
	layer_4: already he has heard of your bitter phos the sorre moti
	layer_6: already he has heard of your bitterfhoes the sorrow matai
	layer_8: already he has heard of your bitter foes the saromatai
	layer_10: already he has heard of your bitter foes the saromatai
	layer_12: already he has heard of your bitter foes the saromatai

file: 7641-96670-0012.flac
expected: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_2: he with his comrads wats subdo them fryow
	layer_4: he with his comrades wulh subde them for you
	layer_6: he with his comrades would subdu them for you
	layer_8: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_10: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_12: he with his comrades would subdue them for you

file: 7641-96670-0013.flac
expected: a eetes's heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leopard's eyes
	layer_2: it is heartwas filled with rath as he wlooked upon them ind his eyes showmesa lupperd siees
	layer_4: it is heart was filled with rath as yoe looked upon them and his eyes shown aselepberd's eye
	layer_6: it is heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shown as a lebard's eyes
	layer_8: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as e lebard's eyes
	layer_10: i his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as e lebard's eyes
	layer_12: i his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as e lebard's eyes

file: 7641-96670-0014.flac
expected: and then speaking to the king in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_2: and then speakinto the kin in acquite voise jhasten saidr
	layer_4: and then speakinto the kin in a quiete voice jasen sad
	layer_6: and then speak into the ken in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_8: and then speaking to the ken in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_10: nthen speaking to the ken in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_12: anthen speaking to the ken in a quiet voice jason said

file: 7641-96670-0015.flac
expected: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_2: his heart was devited as  eather he should sommond his armed men and hae thm slain upon the spot or whether he should put the min to gangerby the tril he would make of them
	layer_4: his heart was divided as to whether he should summoned his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them ean to ganger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_6: his heart was divided as to whether he should summone his armd men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_8: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_10: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_12: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them

file: 7641-96670-0016.flac
expected: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the immortals
	layer_2: it may be that eartulthe of the ceide of thoug mortals
	layer_4: it may be that eu are truely of the cde of theh mortals
	layer_6: it may be that ye are truly of the sed of the mortals
	layer_8: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the mortals
	layer_10: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the mortals
	layer_12: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the mortals

file: 7641-96670-0017.flac
expected: and it may be that i shall give you the golden fleece to bear away after i have made trial of you
	layer_2: and it may be that i shall give you the gollmtlese to bearway after i ve may thril you
	layer_4: and it may be that i shall give you the gom lese to bear way after i have made trild you
	layer_6: and it may be that i shall give you the gom plece to bear way after i have made crilof you
	layer_8: and it may be that i shall give you the gompleece to bear away after i have made child of you
	layer_10: and it may be that i shall give you the gompleece to bear away after i have made chil of you
	layer_12: and it may be that i shall give you the gompleece to bear away after i have made thil of you

file: 7641-96670-0018.flac
expected: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_2: sheentered softly and she stood away fron were father and thefor who wer speaking withtim
	layer_4: she entered softly and she stood away from where father and the fore who were speaking with him
	layer_6: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_8: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_10: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_12: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him

file: 7641-96670-0019.flac
expected: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_2: she had a darkfac sos made vry strange by her crown of coln hair
	layer_4: she had a darkface sos made very strange by her crown of goln hair
	layer_6: she had a dark face thit was made very strange by her crown of oldn hair
	layer_8: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of gold hair
	layer_10: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of goldn hair
	layer_12: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair

file: 7641-96670-0020.flac
expected: know that on the plain of ares yonder i have two fire breathing bulls with feet of brass
	layer_2: no that on the plain  varsyonder i have two fir breeying bls with feeto bress
	layer_4: kno that on the plain of veris yonder i have two fibringang bulls with feetobreass
	layer_6: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fie briging bulls with feet obreass
	layer_8: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two firebringing bulls with feet obrass
	layer_10: know that on the plain of eris yonder i have two fire brigging bulls with feet obrasse
	layer_12: know that on the plain of eras yonder i have two fire brigging bulls with feet obrasse

file: 7641-96670-0021.flac
expected: then i sowed the furrows not with the seed that demeter gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_2: then i sowed the firos not with to seed that dimeter gis but with keeath of a dragin
	layer_4: then i sow the ferogws not with teseid that demeeter gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_6: then i sew the furrows not with e seed that demeter gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_8: then i showed the furrows not with the seed that dematr gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_10: then i sewed the furrows not with the seed that demetur gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_12: then i sewed the furrows not with the seed that demeatur gives but with teeth of a dragon

file: 7641-96670-0022.flac
expected: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to you and give you the golden fleece
	layer_2: if you cancomblishonus that i accomplishe in days gon by i shall submittyo and give you the gomfles
	layer_4: if you can complishthis that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the goen fleese
	layer_6: if you can complish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the goldn fleece
	layer_8: if you can acomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the goldn fleece
	layer_10: if you can acomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the gold fleece
	layer_12: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the gold fleece

file: 7641-96670-0023.flac
expected: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield aught to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_2: but if fyou cannot to complish what i onec e accomplished you shall go for mi sity amp ty handed for is not righte that a brave man should yiuld oupt to one nwh cannot show himself as brave
	layer_4: but if you cannot ccomplish what i once accomplished you shall go for my city emptyhanded for t is not wright that a brave man should yield opt to one who cannot show himself has brave
	layer_6: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go for my city empty handed for t is not wright that a brave man should yield ougpt to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_8: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield ougp to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_10: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield at to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_12: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go fror my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield aut to one who cannot show himself as brave

file: 7641-96670-0024.flac
expected: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_2: then jasen utterly confounded cast his eyes upon tegroud
	layer_4: then jasion utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_6: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_8: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_10: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_12: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground

file: 7641-96670-0025.flac
expected: i will dare this contest monstrous as it is
	layer_2: i will dare this contest months resat is thegais
	layer_4: i will dare this contest mons resat is hegays
	layer_6: i will dare this contest monstrousatas e gaze
	layer_8: i will dare this contest monstrous ad es e gaze
	layer_10: i will dare this contest monstrous adas a gaze
	layer_12: i will dare this contest monstrous ad as a gaze

file: 7641-96670-0026.flac
expected: as he said this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear
	layer_2: as he sentd this he saw eis imeedia grow wide as with fear
	layer_4: as he seint this he saw the eyes ommedia grow wide as with fear
	layer_6: as he seindt this he saw the eyes media grow wide as with fear
	layer_8: as he saint this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear
	layer_10: as he said this he saw the eyes of media grow wide as with fear
	layer_12: as he said this he saw the eyes of media grow wide as with fear

file: 7641-96670-0027.flac
expected: phrontis and melas went to where their mother was
	layer_2: fromntis  mels went tower ther mother was
	layer_4: fhromtesse and melse went to where their motherwas
	layer_6: pramtics and mese went to where their mother was
	layer_8: prontis and mels went to where their mother was
	layer_10: prontis and mels went to where their mother was
	layer_12: prontis and mels went to where their mother was

file: 4831-25894-0000.flac
expected: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_2: but what cannidea so smalln stippit an shyas i am
	layer_4: but what can i do so smallan stupid and shy as i am
	layer_6: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_8: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_10: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_12: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am

file: 4831-25894-0001.flac
expected: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_2: i must find some way to giv thea littlons an tace cristmess
	layer_4: i must find some whay to give the little ones an theyce christmas
	layer_6: i must find some way to give the little ones an nice christmas
	layer_8: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_10: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_12: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas

file: 4831-25894-0002.flac
expected: tommo will like to have me go with him and sing while he plays his harp in the streets
	layer_2: tom a like to have ry go ith him en saing hile he places hearp ine te streets
	layer_4: tume a la like to have we gowith him ind sing while he places harp en the streets
	layer_6: tumba wild like to have re gowith him and sing whill he places harp ind the streets
	layer_8: tumma will like to have we go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_10: tuma will like to have me go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_12: tumah will like to have me go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets

file: 4831-25894-0003.flac
expected: yes i will try and then if i do well the little ones shall have a merry christmas
	layer_2: yes i will try and then if i do well he little one shal have a mary cristmes
	layer_4: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a miry christmas
	layer_6: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas
	layer_8: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas
	layer_10: yes i will try and then if i do well the little ones shall have a merry christmas
	layer_12: yes i will try and then if i do well the little ones shall have a merry christmas

file: 4831-25894-0004.flac
expected: but see then it is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow freezes one's fingers
	layer_2: but seet an id is colld an the streates the win bits in the snow fraces oncsetingers
	layer_4: but sea andit is cold in the streets the wind bits ind the snow fraces one fingers
	layer_6: but see than it is cold in the streets the wind bites ind the snow phrazes one's fingers
	layer_8: but see than it is coled in the streets the wind bites an the snow phrazes one's fingers
	layer_10: but see then it is cold in the streets the wind bites an the snow phrases one's fingers
	layer_12: but sea then it is cold in the streets the wind bites in the snow phrases one's fingers

file: 4831-25894-0005.flac
expected: she thanked tommo and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_2: she thank tal owwand rant awayd to get rady for shevout sr hr father would notine ease her anything
	layer_4: she' thank tema and ran away to get ready for she velt sure her father would not irease her anything
	layer_6: she thankd toma wand ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not epase her anything
	layer_8: she thanked tomma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not cuse her anything
	layer_10: she thanked memma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_12: she thanked memma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything

file: 4831-25894-0006.flac
expected: then she washed out little ranza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_2: then she washed out little runs's frock and put id a dry becuse she would not te ald's dohit the nex day
	layer_4: then she washed out little runzs's frock an put it to dry because she woud not be obldt do at the next day
	layer_6: then she washed out little runsa's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do at the next day
	layer_8: then she washed out little ransa's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_10: then she washed out little ransa's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_12: then she washed out little ranza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day

file: 4831-25894-0007.flac
expected: she longed to make the beds and dress the children over night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew
	layer_2: she loung to make the beds and dresstd the children ornight she was an such a hurri to have all in order but as shat could not be she sat down agan and thighde o er all the son she kneou
	layer_4: she loned to make the beds and dressd the children ofver night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and hid over all the son she knew
	layer_6: she longed to make the beds and dressed the children of her night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and trid over all the song she knew
	layer_8: she longed to make the beds and dress the children of her night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew
	layer_10: she longed to make the beds and dress the children of her night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew
	layer_12: she longed to make the beds and dress the children of her night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew

file: 4831-25894-0008.flac
expected: when she had told her plan peter benari shook his head and thought it would never do but tessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york
	layer_2: when she ad told her plan peter butoary shood ois head and gughttowod never do buttesi bake so hard he couln sen tod ate last that she should thryt for wat awek and sent er to bet the happiy as little growon n york
	layer_4: when she had told her plan peter bud ary shook his head and thought it would never do butesso beg so hard he consented at last that she should tri it for one week and senter to bed the happy as little gral an ne york
	layer_6: when she had told her plan peter bunari shook his head and thought it would never do bottessa beged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one a week and sent her to bed the happyest little girrl on thew york
	layer_8: when she had told her plan peter bannari shook his head and thought it would never do bottessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one a week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl on new york
	layer_10: when she had told her plan peter banari shook his head and thought it would never do buttessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york
	layer_12: when she had told her plan peter banari shook his head and thought it would never do buttessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york

file: 4831-25894-0009.flac
expected: as soon as her father was gone tessa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tommo's mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman loved tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_2: as soin as her father was gone tosoflew about in put everything in mice order telling the childen she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom was mother who whud see about the fir and the ditter for the good women levd esi ind inturdin to her little plams withall her heart
	layer_4: as soon as her father was gne tos i flew about ind put everything in mice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tum was mother who would see about the fire and the ditter for the good woman levet esa and unturint to her little plams with all her heart
	layer_6: as soon as her father was gone tisa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tomb was mother who would see about the fire ind the dinner for the good woman levet tessa and entered in to her little plans with all her heart
	layer_8: as soon as her father was gone tista flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom was mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman levt tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_10: as soon as her father was gone tista flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom was mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman levt tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_12: as soon as her father was gone tista flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom was mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman levet tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart

file: 4831-25894-0010.flac
expected: poor tessa's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tommo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_2: portes is heart beat vast as she truged daway with tomo who slugnges hearp over hias shoulder and gave her is hand
	layer_4: portesis heart beat vast as she truged away with tomob who slung has hearp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_6: portess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his hearp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_8: portess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_10: poor tess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_12: poor tess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand

file: 4831-25894-0011.flac
expected: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_2: it was rather a durty hand but so kimd that tese conto it and kep looking up at the friend ly bround face ferne cragement
	layer_4: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tesa cung to it and kipt looking up at the friendly brownd face for ncouragement
	layer_6: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_8: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_10: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_12: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement

file: 4831-25894-0012.flac
expected: see now have no fear give them bella monica that is merry and will make the laugh whispered tommo tuning his harp
	layer_2: se now have no fear give them bellamonica that is marri an willmake te laugh wispere tome tune is hurp
	layer_4: see now have no fer give them belamonica that is marian will make the laugh whispered toma tunin his hurp
	layer_6: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is mariand will make the laugh whispered toma tuning his harp
	layer_8: see now have no fear give them bella monica that is maryan will make he laugh whispered toma turning his harp
	layer_10: see now have no fear give them bela monica that is marian will make that laugh whispered tomo tuning his harp
	layer_12: see now have no fear give them bela monica that is marian will make tha laugh whispered tomo tuning his harp

file: 4831-25894-0013.flac
expected: one fat old frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it
	layer_2: on  fattled frienchemern naned to her ind it seemed to help er  very much for shed began to sing befor she hought and that was the hard as part of it
	layer_4: one fatdled frienchman not ed to her in it seemed to help er very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the heard is part of it
	layer_6: wen fattled frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hart as part of it
	layer_8: when fadtled frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardes part of it
	layer_10: when fat led frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it
	layer_12: when fat led frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it

file: 4831-25894-0014.flac
expected: but tommo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_2: bu tombishak is curly had an amswrred soperly he as i took oie there first for the love usic and oar afh our country but u e muong mecreate housas we shall not always dowell
	layer_4: but tomblshook is curly had an answered soberly he asd i took yo their first for theyr love music and ur off our country but up amon the great housees we shall not always do well
	layer_6: but tomba shook his curley had an answered soberly es i took you ther first for their love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_8: but tombloe shook his curly had and answered soberly yes i took you there first for their love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_10: but tombo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for their love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_12: but tombo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for their love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well

file: 4831-25894-0015.flac
expected: but she had made half a dollar for tommo divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_2: but sie had made half adaller for tomr devit ed the mony fairly and she felght rich with her shar
	layer_4: but she had made half a dollar for tomwere divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_6: but she had made half a deller for tom ore divided tha money fairly and she felt rich with her shaire
	layer_8: but she had made half a dollar for tom or divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_10: but she had made half a dollar for tom o divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_12: but she had made half a dollar for tom o divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share

file: 4831-25894-0016.flac
expected: her hands were covered with chilblains for she had no mittens but she put them under her shawl and scuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_2: her hands were covered with chil glains for she had no minttins but she had put them under her shall and shuffled marilyt awayin her big boots veeling so glad thet tho wequwas over and nearly three dollars safe ind her pocket
	layer_4: her hands were covered with child lanes fhor she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled marily away in her big boots feeling so glad thef ha week was over and nearly three dollars safe and her pocket
	layer_6: her hands were covered with chill lanes for she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_8: her hands were covered with chillgleanes fhor she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_10: her hands were covered with chillains for she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_12: her hands were covered with chillains for she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket

file: 4831-25894-0017.flac
expected: how gay the streets were that day
	layer_2: ow gae the streets wer that day
	layer_4: how gave te streets were that day
	layer_6: how gave the streets were that day
	layer_8: how ga the streets were that day
	layer_10: how gay the streets were that day
	layer_12: how gay the streets were that day

file: 4831-25894-0018.flac
expected: how brisk every one was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_2: how brisciveryon was and how breighte the faces locd as people tranted about with big baskets holly reaths and young ever green's going to blosiment ti splendid chrismastraes
	layer_4: how brist givery one was and how bright the faces lookt as people trotted about with big baskets holy reaths and young ever greens going to blossom ento splendid christmastres
	layer_6: how bris givery one was and how bright the facees looked as people trotted about with big baskets holy wreths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_8: how brisk everyone was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_10: how brisk everyone was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_12: how brisk everyone was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees

file: 4831-25894-0019.flac
expected: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_2: but i can't so wl fil the sok al ful and be happy saidt tesa ans she lookedwisfully into the gasetors and sow the heavy baskets co by
	layer_4: but i can't so il fill the sokall full and behappy sitesa as she looked whistfully into the gastors and saw the heavy vbasket's co by
	layer_6: but i can't so i'll fill the soks all full and be happy setessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stors and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_8: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy saeid tessa as she looked wistfully into the ga stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_10: but i can't so i'll fill the sacks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_12: but i can't so i'll fill the sacks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by

file: 4831-25894-0020.flac
expected: who knows what may happen if we do well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had a plan as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he trudged through the mud
	layer_2: who nows what maey happeenif wo you well rst urned tamma nanding wisely for he had cplan this well as tessa and kept chuckling over t as e curaged hrugh the miud
	layer_4: who knows what may happen if weld you wel returne tomo nodding wisely for he had plan this well as tesa and kept chuckling over it as he thurged through the mid
	layer_6: who knows what may happen if would you well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he charged through the mud
	layer_8: who knows what may happen if wuld you well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he charged through the mud
	layer_10: who knows what may happen if wed dou well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he charged through the mud
	layer_12: who knows what may happen if we dou well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he charged through the mud

file: 4831-25894-0021.flac
expected: we'll try one more street and then go home thou art so tired little one
	layer_2: whill ti one more street an then go home thehts so tired little one
	layer_4: weill tr y wone more street and then gohome therea ts so tired little one
	layer_6: will try one more street and then go home thorurw ts so tired little one
	layer_8: we'll try one more street and then go home thoura oit so tired little one
	layer_10: we'll try one more street and then go home thou' wut so tired little one
	layer_12: we'll try one more street and then go home thou' out so tired little one

file: 4831-25894-0022.flac
expected: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_2: at the forth some peopl at them sang al ther sons and gave nothing
	layer_4: at the forth some people at them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_6: at the fourth some people at them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_8: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_10: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_12: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing

file: 4831-25894-0023.flac
expected: tessa felt so grateful that without waiting for tommo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_2: tette felt so greatful that without waiting for tomo she sangher sweet ad slittle song allolone
	layer_4: teste felt so gratful that without waiting for tomaw she sang her sweet a little song all alone
	layer_6: teste felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweet ast little song all alone
	layer_8: testa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_10: testa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_12: testa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone

file: 4831-25894-0024.flac
expected: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_2: i'last momu said rose and away she wentonto the dining roimd clost by
	layer_4: illast mama said rose and away she went into the dunning room close by
	layer_6: i ast mama said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_8: i'l aske mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_10: ill ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_12: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by

file: 4831-25894-0025.flac
expected: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine in tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_2: as the doropened teta sow at looke to herlike a fairy fhest all silver mogs and flowery plates and ornges and nots and rosy wine and tall glass pitcures and smoking dishes thips mneult so deliciously she could not restran a little sniff of sat iesfeaction
	layer_4: as the door opened tes e saw wit look to her like a fairy thieast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glasspitchers and smoking dishes that smult so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_6: as the door opened tesa saw wuld looked to her like a fairy theast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_8: as the door opened tesa saw woad looked to her like a fairy fheast all silver mugs and flowery plats and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_10: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy teast all silver mugs and flowery plats and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_12: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy teast all silver mugs and flowery plats and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction

file: 4831-25894-0026.flac
expected: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tommo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_2: ah yas i shall come with much gladness and play as never ind my life ofor cried tomma with a floursh of the old capfthat made the children laugh
	layer_4: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamma with a floorish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_6: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tommo with a floourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_8: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tommo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_10: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tomo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_12: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh

file: 4831-25894-0027.flac
expected: give these to your brothers said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into tessa's hands
	layer_2: yeive these to your brother said the fary prince tuffing nots and orngesan toteses hands
	layer_4: give these to your brother said the fairy prince sduffing nuts and orages ind to tes as hands
	layer_6: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges and to tesst us hands
	layer_8: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into testas hands
	layer_10: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges ind to testa's hands
	layer_12: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges in to testa's hands

file: 4831-25894-0028.flac
expected: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tessa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_2: alh so kind so very kind i have noway to say thank you but runs a shall be for you a havenly angl and i wial sing my heard oupt for your treek cried cete fulding themitns es if she would say r par of thankfuolnis if she knew how
	layer_4: alh so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but runs i shall be for you ae heavenly angel and i will sing my hard out for your tree cried thesta folding the mittens is if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_6: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but runsas shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried thessa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_8: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ronsa shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tesa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_10: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tressa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_12: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tressa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how

file: 4831-25894-0029.flac
expected: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_2: she got up argly to see ofd te soxks were alr ight and there she fond the most tistonishing sight
	layer_4: she got up early to see of the socks were all right and there she found the most istonishing sight
	layer_6: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_8: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_10: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_12: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight

file: 4831-25894-0030.flac
expected: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_2: four soxin said of three and by the forth pined oubt quite elegently was a woittle dress eved intly ment for her a war wollan dress all maide and actuale with bright buttons on it
	layer_4: four soxensad of three and by the fourth pined out quite elegatly was a little dress evidently meant for her o warm wollandress all maide an actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_6: four sox insat of three and by the fourth pined out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her o warm woollen dress all maide and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_8: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woolen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_10: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woolen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_12: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woolen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it

file: 4831-25894-0031.flac
expected: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival on a small scale
	layer_2: tes a scramedad dancet in her delight and of tu bee all the childrento scramem inedance with her making her regular coronof net small skall
	layer_4: tesascreamed a danced in her delight and ofh tumble all the children to screame indance with her making a regular carn ivlin small scale
	layer_6: tess a screamed ad danced in her delight and ufh tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnivlon small scale
	layer_8: tessa screamed ad danced in her delight and up tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival iond a small scale
	layer_10: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumble all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival in a small scale
	layer_12: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival in a small scale

file: 4831-25894-0032.flac
expected: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tommo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made gingerbread into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses
	layer_2: in her long stocking she found al sorts of tresers for tom o had stufftit full of criethings in his mother had mad inderbet inti every amagientamble shape from that pigs to fell umnevesses
	layer_4: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffedit full of quar things in his mother had madt inderbed into every amaginable shape from fhat pigs to fullw omnivusses
	layer_6: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed at full of queer things ind his mother had mad tinger bed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnebvuses
	layer_8: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of queer things an his mother had made ginger bred into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses
	layer_10: in her long stockings she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made gingerbread into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses
	layer_12: in her long stockings she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of queer things an his mother had made gingerbread into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses

file: 4831-25894-0033.flac
expected: little ranza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily
	layer_2: little ram so was exceptadwith delight by the kind lady in her children and ta so larin the song quiteeasily
	layer_4: little ronsa was accepted with delight by the kind lady in her children and tasa learne the song quite easily
	layer_6: little ramsa was accepted with delight by the kind lady in her children and tesa learned the song quite easily
	layer_8: little ramsa was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tesa learned the song quite easily
	layer_10: little ramza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily
	layer_12: little ramza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily

file: 4831-25894-0034.flac
expected: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_2: arrese from the crowd of children gathered to the festioval
	layer_4: arese from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_6: arrese from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_8: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_10: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_12: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival

file: 4831-25894-0035.flac
expected: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa she should be her friend and gave her a motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a seal upon that promise
	layer_2: befor ther went home the kind amommy tol tessis she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which orm the chow's heart and semd to set ayseal upon that promised
	layer_4: before they went home the kind mama tol tessish he should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warm the chil's heart and seemed to set uly sceal upon that promised
	layer_6: before they went home the kind mamma toldtessush she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a seal upon that promise
	layer_8: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set atseal upon that promise
	layer_10: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to settseal upon that promise
	layer_12: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to sett seal upon thet promise

file: 4831-29134-0000.flac
expected: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the minister on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_2: the sentador took as seed in the pulpet with tha minis tron one side of him and the superintended of the sunday schooll on the other
	layer_4: the cenator took his seat in the pulpet with e minie trong one side of him and the superintended of the sunday school on the other
	layer_6: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with he minis trong one side of him and the superintendend of the sunday school on the other
	layer_8: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with a menistrang one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_10: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with a ministering one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_12: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with a ministeriong one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other

file: 4831-29134-0001.flac
expected: so awed were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_2: so ad ware they by the presencs of a living u nited state sendator that during three mitats notacespit ballwas thron
	layer_4: so addower they by the presence of a living united state senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was throne
	layer_6: so oddwere they by the presence of a living united state senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_8: so odd were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_10: so odd were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spitball was thrown
	layer_12: so odd were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spitball was thrown

file: 4831-29134-0002.flac
expected: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and pulling hair
	layer_2: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gon and they were resihting verses and poly hair
	layer_4: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gon and they were reciting verses and polly hair
	layer_6: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and polly hair
	layer_8: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and polly hare
	layer_10: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and pollyharre
	layer_12: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and pollyhare

file: 4831-29134-0003.flac
expected: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and bored the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar then the town dignitaries had their say
	layer_2: the eusual sundaysechal exercises were hurried throug and then the ministurgot up and board the house with e speech bilt on the cust mariy sundey secol plaan then the superentendet put in his or an then the tonp ding utaries had theire saye
	layer_4: the usual sunday schal exercises were hurried through and then the ministurgot up and board the house with the speech bilt on the customary sunday scool plan then the superintendent put in his or nd then the temp ding itariyes had there say
	layer_6: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and boared the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar nd then the temp dignitaries had there say
	layer_8: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and board the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar and then the tome dignitaries had theire say
	layer_10: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and board the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar and then the town dignitaries had their say
	layer_12: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and board the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar and then the town dignitaries had their say

file: 4831-29134-0004.flac
expected: am i in some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_2: and i im some populouss senter of my own country were the choices children of the lant have been selected and brught together as ed a fair for a prise no
	layer_4: amd i am some populous centre of my own country where the choices children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prise no
	layer_6: am i am some populoase centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_8: am i am some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_10: am i im some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_12: am i im some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no

file: 4831-29134-0005.flac
expected: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_2: than werea mi yes wherali
	layer_4: then whereami yes wheram i
	layer_6: then wheream i yes where am i
	layer_8: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_10: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_12: then where am i yes where am i

file: 4831-29134-0006.flac
expected: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_2: my soul as lostin wonder at the thought
	layer_4: my soul is lost an wonder at the thought
	layer_6: my soul is lost ind wonder at the thought
	layer_8: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_10: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_12: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought

file: 4831-29134-0007.flac
expected: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_2: oarthas no highere no grander prosition for me
	layer_4: earth has no higher no grander prosition for me
	layer_6: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_8: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_10: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_12: earth has no higher no grander position for me

file: 4831-29134-0008.flac
expected: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_2: than what is it what did my conscious ness reply
	layer_4: than what is it what did my conscious ness reply
	layer_6: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_8: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_10: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_12: then what is it what did my consciousness reply

file: 4831-29134-0009.flac
expected: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_2: oh think of that n i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_4: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_6: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_8: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_10: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_12: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful

file: 4831-29134-0010.flac
expected: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_2: they culd not give him ae costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday s ghor he love thei s anney schor
	layer_4: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday schoo he loved thesundey school
	layer_6: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_8: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_10: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_12: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school

file: 4831-29134-0011.flac
expected: i hope you love your sunday school ah i see by your faces that you do that is right
	layer_2: i hope you love your sondday shooll i see e y your fac as that you do that is right
	layer_4: i hope you love your sunday school ay seivf  your faces that you do that is right
	layer_6: i hope you love your sunday school ahy seev  y your faces that ye do that is right
	layer_8: i hope you love your sunday school ah see by your faceis that ye do that is right
	layer_10: i hope you love your sunday school ah i see by your faces that you do that is right
	layer_12: i hope you love your sunday school ah i see by your faces that yo do that is right

file: 4831-29134-0012.flac
expected: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_2: always loe your teacheres my childrn for they leve yu more than you can now now
	layer_4: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_6: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_8: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_10: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_12: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now

file: 4831-29134-0013.flac
expected: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_2: and byand by the people made him governoer and he said it was all owing to the sunday shool
	layer_4: and by and by the people made him governor and he seid it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_6: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_8: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_10: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_12: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school

file: 4831-29134-0014.flac
expected: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_2: whiy the peoplegave hin atowering alestrious position a grand inposing position
	layer_4: why the people gave him matowering a lustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_6: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_8: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_10: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_12: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position

file: 4831-29134-0015.flac
expected: it was senator of the united states
	layer_2: it was sendider of the nited states
	layer_4: it was sendator of the united states
	layer_6: it was sentator of the united states
	layer_8: it was senator of the united states
	layer_10: it was senator of the united states
	layer_12: it was senator of the united states

file: 4831-29134-0016.flac
expected: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_2: that poor little boy that levet his an dey sqhooll became that man that man stans before you
	layer_4: that por little boy that loved his senday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_6: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_8: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_10: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_12: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you

file: 4831-29134-0017.flac
expected: above all things my children be honest
	layer_2: above al things my children be onist
	layer_4: above aull things my children be honest
	layer_6: above all things my children be honest
	layer_8: above all things my children be honest
	layer_10: above all things my children be honest
	layer_12: above all things my children be honest

file: 4831-29134-0018.flac
expected: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united states senate
	layer_2: whoenc sunederdiwar they depirted from catte vill he left the reedosant boys behind im ar rangi an cimpain of life whose abjectivf point was eenited stape sen it
	layer_4: one sundred erdilwere they depirted from kattleville he left three dozen't boys behind him arranging an campaign of life whose objective point was tenited stape senit
	layer_6: onesunderd or dillworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was theunited stape senat
	layer_8: whoncesunderter dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united state senante
	layer_10: wen sentetor dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united state senate
	layer_12: won sentetor dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united state senate

file: 4831-18525-0000.flac
expected: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter in dresden and all our hard work over music won't it be fine though to jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_2: never mind poly sug h asper there's all next summer and aghtar wen tern dressdon and allar hard work over music ont haf befind tho swa jon't round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_4: never mind polly suid jasperd there's all next summer and afte ur winter an dressedon and all ar hard work ofermusic one haf be fined thosehad jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_6: never mind polly said jasperd there's all next summer and after our winter an dressed in and all our hard work of er music on'e o be fine those a jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_8: never mind polly said jasperd there's all next summer and after our winter and dressedin and all our hard work of oeur music want o be fine those wha jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_10: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter in dressed in and all our hard work over music want to be fine those who jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_12: never mind polly said jasperd there's all next summer and after our winter in dressed in and all our hard work over music want to be fine those who jaunt round again and his eyes glistened

file: 4831-18525-0001.flac
expected: and you'll go on drawing and painting until you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done in the louvre maybe the louvre cried adela o dear me polly pepper
	layer_2: and yoll go on joing and painting til you get to be a great ardestran on polly an thisiasktacaly andthen will se something youv dn in the lofe mayy the love crite daila oh dear me polye pepper
	layer_4: and yo'l go on jawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on poly andthusiastigally and then will see something yo've done in the loove maybe the love cridadela oh dear me poly pepper
	layer_6: and you'll go on jawing and painting till you gets to be a great artist rain on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something ou've done in the loof maybe the loove cried adela oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_8: and you'll go on drawing and painting till you get to be a great artist rain on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done and the loofe maybe the louve cried adela oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_10: and you'll go on drawing and painting till you get to be a great artist rain on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done in the loof maybe the louve cried adela oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_12: and you'll go on drawing and painting till you get to be a great artist rain on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done in the louf maybe the louvre cried adela oh dear me polly pepper

file: 4831-18525-0002.flac
expected: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this merry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_2: tome sel when had been very soverduring ll dhis marriy chatter and now in his seat a cross the narow iyle he drumged his heels enpatiently on the floor
	layer_4: tom sel wone had been very sover during all thist marriyd chatter and now ind his seat acrossd the narrow isle he drumed his heals impatiently on the floor
	layer_6: tom sell one had been very soverduring all this married chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drumed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_8: tom sell wone had been very sober during all this married chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drumed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_10: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this married chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_12: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this married chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor

file: 4831-18525-0003.flac
expected: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it's just this tom
	layer_2: what's apt little mother aske tome insuepris at hernusual manner it sis this tomg
	layer_4: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her an usual manner it sis this tom
	layer_6: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it' sis this tom
	layer_8: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner itsses this tom
	layer_10: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it ses this tom
	layer_12: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it ses this tom

file: 4831-18525-0004.flac
expected: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_2: when the newswas cerculatet as it was pretty sone that the party was not to be brok end into at all tl pariuse was ticomplytid story the gublation wats suchius to satisfit even tome
	layer_4: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be brok en into at all til paris was ti completed story the jubilation wits such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_6: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubelation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_8: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_10: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_12: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom

file: 4831-18525-0005.flac
expected: oh isn't it oats peas beans and barley grow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_2: oh isn't it oat's puse beans and barly gro crie tolley as they watche d them in tently
	layer_4: oh isn't it oats peuse beans and barley gro cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_6: oh isn't it oats pes beans and barleygrow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_8: oh isn't it oates pesbeans and barleygro cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_10: oh isn't it oates peasbeans and barley grow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_12: oh isn't it oates peasbeans an barley grow cried polly as they watched them intently

file: 4831-18525-0006.flac
expected: and his long arm went out and picked a jacket end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_2: and his long oarm whente out and pickto jack andendof an erchine whod incoutiously regarding such quiet travelers as not worth miding had hover tonearow il tring totes the girls
	layer_4: and his long arm went ouat and picked to jackandend of an erchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers tis not worth minding had hove her toon year il trying to teas the girls
	layer_6: and his long arm went out and picked to jacadend of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hov or tun nyear wile trying to tease the girls
	layer_8: and his long arm went out and picked a jackend end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_10: and his long arm went out and picked a jacketd end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_12: and his long arm went out and picked a jacket end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travelers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls

file: 4831-18525-0007.flac
expected: and presently a woman came and took little blue pinafore off and then the rest of the girls unclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_2: and presently awoman came an sook little blupenta for off and then the rest of the girwls un clastpd their hands and the ring melte away ind the came was over
	layer_4: and presently a woman came and sook little blupen a for off and then the rest of the girls unden clasped their hands and the ring melted away an the game was over
	layer_6: and presently a woman came and took little blu pint anfor off and then the rest of the girls unnclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_8: and presently a woman came and took little blue pinnafour off and then the rest of the girls uclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_10: and presently a woman came and took little blue pen affour off and then the rest of the girls unclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_12: and presently a woman came and took little bluepen afour off and then the rest of the girls unclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over

file: 4831-18525-0008.flac
expected: i'm glad the girls over here have fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_2: i'm glad the girls over her half fund at polly as grampapy n his party moved off isn' itnice to think thi do
	layer_4: i'm glad the girls over here half fund sad polly as gramnpapa in his party moved of isn't anice to think they do
	layer_6: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as grandpapa in his party moved off isn't a nice to think they do
	layer_8: i'm glad the girls over her half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_10: i'm glad the girl's over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_12: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do

file: 4831-18525-0009.flac
expected: two or three days of rest at martigny put everybody in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behindhand
	layer_2: two or hre days of rest at martne put very one in food shape and gave them allaebut of time to pick up on many little things that wer behind thand
	layer_4: two or three days of rest at martn put every one in good shape and gave them alla bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_6: two or three days of rest at martiny put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_8: two or three days of rest at martny put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_10: two or three days of rest at martiney put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_12: two or three days of rest at martiney put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand

file: 4831-18525-0010.flac
expected: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i am going to begin on joel's
	layer_2: that's my third letter poly andnountsejasper on the other sidt of the table now an going to begin unjels
	layer_4: that's my third letter poly announce jasper on the other side of the table now aind going to began unjols
	layer_6: that's my third letter polly announce jasper on the other side of the table now a'm going to begin on jolls
	layer_8: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on joles
	layer_10: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on joles
	layer_12: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on joles

file: 4831-18525-0011.flac
expected: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished jasper
	layer_2: one too said pole caunning why ire thoughtied wrten three whlel this one his most finishe desper
	layer_4: one too said poly counning why i thought id writtend three wheile this on his most finish desper
	layer_6: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three whale this one is most finishe desper
	layer_8: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished desper
	layer_10: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished desper
	layer_12: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished desper

file: 4831-18525-0012.flac
expected: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_2: dar said tome delliaeto thik that no terriboewrds ault had realliy and sid from his words that after they were out had scare him mightlly
	layer_4: dare said tome delighded to thinck that no terriblewrds alt had really ancid from his words that after they were out had scared him mightly
	layer_6: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really enseud from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_8: deare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_10: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_12: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily

file: 4831-18525-0013.flac
expected: i'll post yours too polly give them here
	layer_2: i' posed owers too polly give then here
	layer_4: i'll post yoor too paly give them here
	layer_6: i'll post yo our too polly give them here
	layer_8: i'll post to our two polly give them here
	layer_10: i'll post to ours two polly give them here
	layer_12: i'll post toours two polly give them here

file: 4831-18525-0014.flac
expected: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a franc out of joel's little money bag that hung at her belt
	layer_2: then is face brightened and he said and she's right poly whale poly fishe t friank out of jhels little money bag that houng in her belt
	layer_4: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly whale poly fishd oo frank out of jels little money bagd that hung in her belt
	layer_6: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fish o frank out of jells little money bagd that hung in her belt
	layer_8: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of joll's little money bag that hung in her belt
	layer_10: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of joll's little money bag that hung in her belt
	layer_12: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of joll's little money bag that hung in her belt

file: 4831-18525-0015.flac
expected: do get the stamps please jasper and put them on as he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for joel's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_2: do get the stamps pleased jesper im put themon and hetook up her two letters and she gave the bag alittle pat fir jeul sake wishing it was his stoe black air that her fingers couldtouch
	layer_4: do get the stampe pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bagg a little pat for jull sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers cold touch
	layer_6: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jell's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_8: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jewl's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_10: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jewll's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_12: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jewl's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch

file: 4831-18525-0016.flac
expected: i don't know where we are going to get nice white paper for our round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_2: i do' know wer we are goine to genk icewit paper foraround robined said polley leaning her lboson the table and her chin in her hands i know agjaculaited tim worling own his heel and dashing ot
	layer_4: i don't know were we are going to get nice wite paper forr a round robind said poly leaning her elbos on the table and her chin in her hands i know ajaculated tome worling on his hel and dashing out
	layer_6: i don't know where we are going to get nice wait paper for around robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his hel and dashing out
	layer_8: i don't know where we are going to get nice wit paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_10: i don't know where we are going to get nice white paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_12: i don't know where we are going to get nice white paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out

file: 4831-18525-0017.flac
expected: i want polly to said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly
	layer_2: i whant polly too said frodsi rigling away from the end that poly howd out aluaringly
	layer_4: i want polly too said fronsy riggling away from the pen that polly how d out alluaringly
	layer_6: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly how d out alluringly
	layer_8: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly hld out alluringly
	layer_10: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly
	layer_12: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly

file: 4831-18525-0018.flac
expected: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible fell to scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill
	layer_2: fromsy who haddnt heard what polly said her small had beingfull of the responsibility of beginning the importan letter and ould sidering sin sit was to be done it was bes to have it over with is soin as possible fhelt ascriblingthe letters tas facis she culed al f enm wrunning down hi
	layer_4: fromse who hadn't heard what poly said her small had being full of the respomsibility of beginning the important letter and colnsidering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt uscribling the letters tas fast as she could all them running down hill
	layer_6: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt ascribbling the letters as fast as she could all them running downhill
	layer_8: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt o scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill
	layer_10: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible fell te scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill
	layer_12: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible fell to scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill

file: 4831-18525-0019.flac
expected: it's all right granddaddy'll like it he said
	layer_2: it's olright gran awt like et he said
	layer_4: it's all right graned atial like al he said
	layer_6: it's all right graned aial likeed he said
	layer_8: it's all right grin dadiel like it he said
	layer_10: it's all right grinn dadiel like it he said
	layer_12: it's all right grinn daddiel like it he said

file: 4831-18525-0020.flac
expected: i tell you you don't know my granddaddy he's got lots of fun in him he added
	layer_2: i tell you yu don't know my gran atye he's call lot to fun in him he haddit
	layer_4: i tell y yo don't know my granddaddy he's cout lot to fun in him he ad it
	layer_6: i tell y you don't know my grandaddy he's caught lot to fun in him he added
	layer_8: i tell you you don't know my grand daddy he's caught lot to fun in him he added
	layer_10: i tell yeu you don't know my grand daddy he's caught lot of fun in him he added
	layer_12: i tell yeu you don't know my grand daddy he's caught lots of fun in him he added

file: 4831-18525-0021.flac
expected: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_2: i win't cri any more to clerd fronsy wieping off the last er trailing down her knows
	layer_4: i won't cri any more to clared fronzye wiping off the last ter trailing down her knowse
	layer_6: i won't cry any more declared fronsie wiping off the last ter trailing down her nose
	layer_8: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_10: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_12: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose

file: 4831-18525-0022.flac
expected: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_2: then i shall be all as well as ever said pole kissting thawat litte face
	layer_4: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_6: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_8: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_10: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_12: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face

file: 4831-18525-0023.flac
expected: we must put in little pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on
	layer_2: we must petn in whattle pitures taid poley trin o mak herself chiary as the work ene vusionlyon
	layer_4: we must put in wuttle pictures sad polly trying to make herself cery as the work wyne busilyon
	layer_6: we must put in wat'll picture said polly trying to make heurself cheery as the work wene busilyon
	layer_8: we must put in lhittle pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work wen busily on
	layer_10: we must put in wittle pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on
	layer_12: we must put in wittle pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on

file: 4831-18525-0024.flac
expected: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_2: pol you always do think of the best thingsexclame jas per beming at her which madeter try hardtr than ever to smile
	layer_4: pally you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made e try hardeo than ever to smile
	layer_6: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_8: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_10: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_12: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile

file: 4831-18525-0025.flac
expected: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the gingerbread boy
	layer_2: i wouldnt't feel sobatly polly he manige to a sper one frondsyt was absore with her work hell li cud prolbwy just is father did the cg inch red boy
	layer_4: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to a sper wine fronzi was absord with her work hell like could probly just as father did the ghinch redboy
	layer_6: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to wi sper when pronsie was absorbed with her work hell lie yould probably just as father did the chinchredboy
	layer_8: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'l like oit probably just as father did the chinch red boy
	layer_10: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the chinche red boy
	layer_12: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the chinch red boy

file: 4831-18525-0026.flac
expected: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper drily halloo just look at him now
	layer_2: he seemd so a complish something every tim egose bserve jaspbere dryily lo jus lok an ia now
	layer_4: he seem so accomplishd something every time me goes observe jasper dryly ello just look it him now
	layer_6: he seems to accomplish something every time he goeas observed jasper dryly ello just look it him now
	layer_8: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper drily hello just look at him now
	layer_10: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper drily hello just look at him now
	layer_12: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper drily hello just look at him now

file: 4831-18525-0027.flac
expected: o dear me exclaimed adela as her scissors slipped now you've joggled the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_2: 'h' dyeaur me exclaimed to dala as her sisar slipt naw yo've jok o the taple again then she cught pollys i
	layer_4: oh dear me exclaimed to dala as her sissor slipped now yo've jogg of the table again then she caught pollys i
	layer_6: oh dear me exclaimed adala as her cissor slipped now you've jogle the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_8: oh dear me exclaimed adela as her scissor slipped now you've jogled the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_10: oh dear me exclaimed adela as her scissor slipped now you've jogled the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_12: oh dear me exclaimed adela as her scissor slipped now you've jogled the table again then she caught polly's eye

file: 4831-18525-0028.flac
expected: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thanks
	layer_2: rather not much a bligeed tom boped his thinkgs
	layer_4: rather not much o liced tom bupt his thingks
	layer_6: rather not much oblied tom bobbed his things
	layer_8: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his things
	layer_10: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his things
	layer_12: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his things

file: 4831-18525-0029.flac
expected: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_2: picture after picture cut form rail rode gid books illstrated papers and it seeme to jaspergathered as if by majgick with cunning little foutagrahs brok up the letter and wound dind e nout with funny ind charming tetal of some of their journey
	layer_4: picture after picture cut from railroad guid books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound din an out with funny and charming detal of some of their journey
	layer_6: picture after picture cut from railroad guidebooks illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound ind and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_8: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_10: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_12: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey

file: 4831-18525-0030.flac
expected: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and i venture to say he'll like that the best of all
	layer_2: the rest of it is nce wasper jesper and eventurle to say that hel like that the best of all
	layer_4: the rest of it is nice whisperd jesper and eventured to say that hel like that the best of all
	layer_6: the rest of it is nice whispered jesper and he ventured to say that hell like that the best of all
	layer_8: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and e venture to say that hell like that the best of all
	layer_10: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and he venture to say that he'll like that the best of all
	layer_12: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and he venture to say that he'll like that the best of all

file: 4831-18525-0031.flac
expected: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write me a letter sometime
	layer_2: mister king thought so too nly bemed it fronzy so you did he cried no that's finei ws syou' dgreat neeal eter sometie
	layer_4: mister king thought so too any beamed at fronsy so you did he cried no that's finea wish you'd rit neeal letter sometime
	layer_6: mister king thought so too anhe beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fini wish you'd write nea letter sometime
	layer_8: mister king thought so too and he beamed it phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write neea letter sometime
	layer_10: mister king thought so too and he beamed it phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write nee a letter sometime
	layer_12: mister king thought so too and he beamed it phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write nee a letter sometime

file: 5849-50964-0000.flac
expected: i don't know how to say good by to you nellie told dorothy and nan next morning
	layer_2: i don' no hade a sa ood bid you knolwlhy told doorhy ad nen an ex morning
	layer_4: i don't kno had a say good bid you melly told dorthy an an an ext morning
	layer_6: i don't know had to say good bide you melly told dorothy and ane n ext morning
	layer_8: i don't know how to say good byedo you melliy told dorothy and and ext morning
	layer_10: i don't know how to say good bye to you nelly told dorothy and and the next morning
	layer_12: i don't know how to say good bye to you nelly told dorothy and and the next morning

file: 5849-50964-0001.flac
expected: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_2: ah that wil be splended decleredinan
	layer_4: oh that will be splunded declared na
	layer_6: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_8: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_10: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_12: oh that will be splendid declared nan

file: 5849-50964-0002.flac
expected: you are quite rich now aren't you remarked dorothy
	layer_2: yo 're quit riche now r you remantorty
	layer_4: youre quite rich now are you remantor hey
	layer_6: you are quite rich now aret you remandorothy
	layer_8: you are quite rich now ar't you remarked dorothy
	layer_10: you are quite rich now aren't you remarked dorothy
	layer_12: you are quite rich now aren't you remarked dorothy

file: 5849-50964-0003.flac
expected: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_2: and dorthiy went upened dao wn the room wlhikte the pictures of sind tdarellas proud s isters
	layer_4: and dorothy went up and dowon the room whike the pictures of cindarellas proud sisters
	layer_6: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cindarella's proud sisters
	layer_8: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_10: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_12: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters

file: 5849-50964-0004.flac
expected: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_2: aid we wil be yon hand tank you wial plied the jhoking dorey
	layer_4: and we will be on hand thank you applied the joking dorthee
	layer_6: and we will be on hand thank you epplied the joking dorothy
	layer_8: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_10: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorthy
	layer_12: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorthy

file: 5849-50964-0005.flac
expected: come nellie called missus mc laughlin i am ready where is your hat
	layer_2: come nawly cald missus le glocklng im ready wheres your hat
	layer_4: come neli called missus a glacklin i'am ready where'se your hat
	layer_6: come nellie called missus e glockline i am ready where 's your hat
	layer_8: come nelliy called miss glawchlin i am ready were's your hat
	layer_10: come nelliy called miss mglawchklin i am ready wer's your hat
	layer_12: come nelly called missus mglawchlan i am ready wer's your hat

file: 5849-50964-0006.flac
expected: we might be able to manage that too nellie told him
	layer_2: we might bebile to managed that too nally told him
	layer_4: we might be able to minage that too nali told him
	layer_6: we might be able to manage that too nallie told him
	layer_8: we might be able to manage that too nelli told him
	layer_10: we might be able to manage that too nellie told him
	layer_12: we might be able to manage that too nellie told him

file: 5849-50964-0007.flac
expected: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engine house
	layer_2: myuncles a firemen and he con take e throgd to his engin house
	layer_4: my uncle is a firemen and he can take o thrug th his ungan house
	layer_6: my uncle is a fireman and he can take u through his eniint house
	layer_8: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engine house
	layer_10: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engine house
	layer_12: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engine house

file: 5849-50964-0008.flac
expected: most of them i guess answered bert
	layer_2: most of the my gues answered brt
	layer_4: most of then my guests insered bert
	layer_6: most of them my guests answered bert
	layer_8: most of them i guest answered bert
	layer_10: most of them i gues answered bert
	layer_12: most of them i gues answered bert

file: 5849-50964-0009.flac
expected: well we have had a good vacation and i am willing to go to work again
	layer_2: whiell we have had a good the cation and im milling to go towark gain
	layer_4: will we have had a good ve casion and i m willing to go to work gin
	layer_6: well we have had a good vocation and i am willing to go to work again
	layer_8: well we have had a good vacation and i am willing to go to work again
	layer_10: well we have had a good vacation and i am willing to go to work again
	layer_12: well we have had a good vacation and i am willing to go to work again

file: 5849-50964-0010.flac
expected: so am i declared nan vacation was just long enough i think
	layer_2: so a my declardnan becation was just lung an a figh think
	layer_4: so a my declared nan bication was just long an i figh think
	layer_6: so am i declared nan bication was just long en ou ight think
	layer_8: so am i declared nan bacation was just long enoughf i think
	layer_10: so am i declared nan facition was jest long enough i think
	layer_12: so am i declared nan picistion was jist long enough i'd think

file: 5849-50964-0011.flac
expected: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddie and flossie were busy packing up
	layer_2: mister bobse was down from the city of course to take the fan le home and now all hands even fredy anplosy were bisy pracing up
	layer_4: mister bobse was down from the city of course to take the fanily home and now all hands even fredy an plosy were busy pracking up
	layer_6: mister bobsy was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and plosy were busy packing up
	layer_8: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddye and plossie were busy packing up
	layer_10: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddye and plossie were busy packing up
	layer_12: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and plossie were busy packing up

file: 5849-50964-0012.flac
expected: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snoop the cat
	layer_2: there we the shalls to we looked after  the fishnats besides downy the duck and snent the cat
	layer_4: there were the shells to we looked after the fish nets besides downi the duck and snith the cat
	layer_6: there were the shells d o we looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snooped the cat
	layer_8: there were the shells we looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snooped the cat
	layer_10: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets beside downy the duck and snooped the cat
	layer_12: there were the shells to be looked after the fish gnets beside downy the duck and snooped the cat

file: 5849-50964-0013.flac
expected: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_2: and so re little friends had spent all ther rerecation
	layer_4: and so or little friends had spent all thei vocation
	layer_6: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_8: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_10: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_12: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation

file: 5849-50873-0000.flac
expected: captain bull the commander of a small garrison at saybrook permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_2: capftaimbol the tmander of the smllgiarason at sabrook per mited him to lan but when the goverena began to read his commission bul ordered him to be silent
	layer_4: captain bol the comander of the small garison at sabrooke prmitted him to land but when the governi began to read his commission boll ordered him to be silent
	layer_6: captain bot the commander of the small garizon at cabroke permitted him to land but when the governov began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_8: captain bo the commander of the small garrison at saybroke permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_10: captain boll the commander of the small garrison at saybruk permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_12: captain bull the commander of the small garrison at saybruk permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent

file: 5849-50873-0001.flac
expected: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he has grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved
	layer_2: what is happened mister prince wials wrth asked for he hould cee that the mana lwas greatly excited goven er aenderos hwas come again gest mster prince why should that aelar mus the fellow though giv into bosting is not dangrus or liabl topputed threts into exection but he s grown dead inderes declared mister prince the liberties of the colonyer an valed
	layer_4: what is happened mister prince wildsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited givern er andros has come again guesee mister prince why should that alarmus the fellow though given to boasting is not dangruss or liable to put id threts into execution but he as grown deangeruss declared mister prince the liberties of the colonyer involed
	layer_6: what has happened mister prince wildsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again guesped mister prince why should that alarmas the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or alliable to put his threats into execution but he as grown dingerouss declared mister prince the liberties of the colonier involved
	layer_8: what has happened mister prince wisworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor androws has come again guesped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he as grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony ere involved
	layer_10: what has happened mister prince wasworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor androws has come again gassped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he is grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved
	layer_12: what has happened mister prince wisworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor androws has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he is grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved

file: 5849-50873-0002.flac
expected: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_2: captaind watds wrif became a little unnensy though he was still anclind to treet the matter lightly
	layer_4: captain wads worith became a little unneasy though he was still enclined to treet the matter lightly
	layer_6: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_8: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_10: captain waddsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_12: captain waddsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly

file: 5849-50873-0003.flac
expected: we have stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political rights
	layer_2: we havd subrin le eih fhuwsed to yeld lar charter valln tarily fort is the gardy anofvher politicule brights
	layer_4: we hade stubbernly re fused to yield our charterd oll enterily for it is the guardy an ofher political brights
	layer_6: we hade stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardiand of our political brights
	layer_8: we hade stubbornly refused to yield our chardere voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political brights
	layer_10: we had stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political brights
	layer_12: we had stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political brights

file: 5849-50873-0004.flac
expected: that is true captain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this viceroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_2: that is trure cacpin wads werefh continudmister prince and to subdoar stovr ness this visroye his come to heartferd with sixty oarnd men to dhe man the surrender of the chartder an person
	layer_4: that is true capain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdew or stuvurnniss this visroy has come to heartferrd with sixty armnd men to deman the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_6: that is true capan wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbernness this vistroy has come to heartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_8: that is true capanwadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this visteroy has come to hertford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter an person
	layer_10: that is true captain waddsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this vesteroy has come to hertford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_12: that is true captain waddsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this visteroy has come to hertford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person

file: 5849-50873-0005.flac
expected: captain wadsworth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_2: captan wasere founded to isfeet in a rage and placing has hand on the held of his sword declared he shal not hawic
	layer_4: captain waserth founded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the helth of his sword declared he shall not haeit
	layer_6: captain wasrt founded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hialth of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_8: captain wadsrd founded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilth of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_10: captain wadwarth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_12: captain wadsarth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it

file: 5849-50873-0006.flac
expected: the day was well nigh spent when he arrived and the members were engaged in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_2: the daygl as well my pend when he arides and the members wereengdeehed in ahated to bat hon a subject of the untmost in portance
	layer_4: the day was well mie pent when he arridesd and the members were indeeghed in aheated to bat hon a subject of the untmost importance
	layer_6: the day was well nice fent when he arrived and the members were endeethed and a headed dobat on a subject of the untmost importance
	layer_8: the day was well nice spent when he arrived and the members were endeeped in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_10: the day was well nigh spent when he arrived and the members were endeeed in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_12: the day was well night spent when he arrived and the members were endeeved in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance

file: 5849-50873-0007.flac
expected: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_2: he conseneted however to a wait te descusion wbut the soon s ht was ended he declared that he would hae the churter
	layer_4: he consented however to await the discussion wbhet the soon as it was ended he declare that he would have the charder
	layer_6: he consented however to await the discussion whet ta soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_8: he consented however to await the discussion wbutas soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_10: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_12: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter

file: 5849-50873-0008.flac
expected: after the captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked
	layer_2: after that captain had taken twoorthre turncs o cross the room he posed n mased
	layer_4: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused hin masked
	layer_6: after that captain had taken two or three turis across the room he paused himd maske
	layer_8: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and ased
	layer_10: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked
	layer_12: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked

file: 5849-50873-0009.flac
expected: what is the assembly doing engaged in a debate
	layer_2: what is the assimild doin and keagedon the bhat
	layer_4: what is the assemily do in an gaged in te bat
	layer_6: what is the assembly doing engaged in debate
	layer_8: what is the assembly doing engaged and debat
	layer_10: what is the assembly doing engaged and debate
	layer_12: what is the assembly doing engaged and debate

file: 5849-50873-0010.flac
expected: and will he wait until it has ended he has promised to do so
	layer_2: and wil he waigt en tillet hended he as promise to deso
	layer_4: and will he wait until it ezended he has promised to do so
	layer_6: and will he wait until it desended he has promised to do so
	layer_8: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so
	layer_10: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so
	layer_12: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so

file: 5849-50873-0011.flac
expected: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read there a desperate determination captain he began
	layer_2: mister prince fixtes an nansd eyes on the captaan's face and read the r dusperate dotermination captain heitegann
	layer_4: mister prine fixetdes a mazed eyes on the captain's face and read the re desperate determination capain hetygan
	layer_6: mister prince fixtes amazed eyes on the captain's face and read thei re desperate determination captain he again
	layer_8: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read thei r desperate determination captain hee eagan
	layer_10: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read their desperate determination captain he began
	layer_12: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read their desperate determination captain he began

file: 5849-50873-0012.flac
expected: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_2: mister prince bowd and ha slyw returned to the house sware theassumbly was imsussion
	layer_4: mister prince bowed and haseselew returned to the house  where the assembly was an session
	layer_6: mister princs bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_8: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_10: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_12: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session

file: 5849-50873-0013.flac
expected: as soon as he was gone charles stevens said
	layer_2: as soonashe was gone cal stevand said
	layer_4: as soon as he as gone charl steve and said
	layer_6: as soon as he as gone charles stev and said
	layer_8: as soon as he as gone charles stevh and said
	layer_10: as soon as he was gone charles stevhen said
	layer_12: as soon as he was gone charles stephen said

file: 5849-50873-0014.flac
expected: yes charles you will answer what do you mean uncle
	layer_2: yes trelso l answer but dhe nen uncle
	layer_4: yes charles whu wile answerd but dyou men uncle
	layer_6: yes charls whe will answer wbat you mean uncle
	layer_8: yes charles h will answer what do you mean uncle
	layer_10: yes charles he will answer what do you mean uncle
	layer_12: yes charles he will answer what do you mean uncle

file: 5849-50873-0015.flac
expected: never did debaters take greater interest in a minor subject
	layer_2: nerver ded te baters take greter in tresstint e mine subject
	layer_4: never did the baters take greater in terust in ta mina subject
	layer_6: never did the baters take greater interust in a miner ubject
	layer_8: never did the baters take greater interest in a minor subject
	layer_10: never did the baters take greater interest in a minor subject
	layer_12: never did the baters take greater interest in a minor subject

file: 5849-50873-0016.flac
expected: what do you intend doing uncle will you fight them
	layer_2: what dr eo entendying ancle will you fright them
	layer_4: what to you intend you ing uncle will you fright them
	layer_6: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_8: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_10: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_12: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them

file: 5849-50873-0017.flac
expected: remember the work must be done right at the time not too soon nor too late
	layer_2: mwember the worth wes be thn the right at the time mot ti see nor to lrat
	layer_4: wemberd the worth west be dhein the rit at the time montti su nor to rak
	layer_6: emember the worth west be den the right at the time montti sune nor to rea
	layer_8: remember the worth west be done right at the time mont tesoon nor to read
	layer_10: remember the worth mest be done right at the time nont tu soon nor to read
	layer_12: remember the worth mest be done right at the time nonte tu soon nor to read

file: 5849-50873-0018.flac
expected: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_2: the sunlas sedting and the cractainm said
	layer_4: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_6: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_8: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_10: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_12: the sun was setting and the captain said

file: 5849-50873-0019.flac
expected: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_2: com chrals let us hasten to thes sembly
	layer_4: comm charls let us hastened to the ssembly
	layer_6: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_8: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_10: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_12: come charles let us hasten to the assembly

file: 5849-50873-0020.flac
expected: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_2: by now means but i want ye to befully in prassd with the seriousnessof oumision
	layer_4: by no means but i want e to be fully impressed with tha serious ness of youmission
	layer_6: by no means but i want ye to be fully impressed with a seriousness of your mission
	layer_8: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_10: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_12: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission

file: 5849-50873-0021.flac
expected: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wadsworth
	layer_2: tak our pliced hiles and be forpaire to deyour part whis wre capfan wadewerth
	layer_4: takeer pleace charles and be prepare to do yor part whithered capain wadgeworth
	layer_6: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered capain wadsworth
	layer_8: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wadsworth
	layer_10: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wadsworth
	layer_12: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain waddsworth

file: 5849-50873-0022.flac
expected: charles got as close to the long table used by the secretaries as possible without attracting special attention
	layer_2: chres god is close to the long ta ble se by he secrtarious is possibl with out r tracpting special atention
	layer_4: chas god as close to the long tabl used by the secreterious is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_6: chas god is close to the long tabable used by the secretarious is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_8: charles god as close to the long tabble used by the secretarieus is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_10: charles got as close to the long table used by the secretaries is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_12: charles got as close to the long table used by the secretaries is possible without attracting special attention

file: 5849-50873-0023.flac
expected: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on the table and two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_2: the discussion went on dh'earkness came and for lated candle ore pletes on the tagle in two said on eself on the wall
	layer_4: the discussiond went on dharkness came and fourlagted candled werepletes on the table in two said on haself on the wall
	layer_6: the discussioned went on darkness came and four lighted candleds werepletes on the table in two set on iself on the wall
	layer_8: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles wereplaed on the table in two set on atself on the wall
	layer_10: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on the table in two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_12: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on the table in two set on a shelf on the wall

file: 5849-50873-0024.flac
expected: those two candles on the wall were a great annoyance to charles until he saw a man stationed near them
	layer_2: those to candles on the wall where a greedt anoint to chous untill h sawm anstafie neu them
	layer_4: those two candles on the wall where a greet anoints to chiles until hy saw amanstafan near them
	layer_6: those two candles on the wall were agreet annoyintcs to charles until he saw a man stafan near them
	layer_8: those two candles on the wall were agreed annoyance to charles until he saw a man staff in near them
	layer_10: those two candles on the wall were a greed annoyance to charles until he saw a manstaffion near them
	layer_12: those two candles on the wall were a greed annoyance to charles until he saw a man staffion near them

file: 5849-50873-0025.flac
expected: though the lights were extinguished through the windows the faint starlight dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_2: though the lights wer extinguish through the window the thaint starlet dinly alominate the seen
	layer_4: though the lights were extinguishe thrugh the window the faint starlett dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_6: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlot dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_8: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlet dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_10: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlit dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_12: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlit dimly illuminated the scene

file: 5849-50873-0026.flac
expected: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_2: he followed him his raped l as he coult
	layer_4: he followed him his rapid l as he could
	layer_6: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_8: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_10: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_12: he followed him as rapidly as he could

file: 5849-50873-0027.flac
expected: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside seized his arm
	layer_2: the ce was cote belind him and when they were outsides sused his am
	layer_4: the outh was clobehind him and when theywere outsides sused his arm
	layer_6: the youth was cloth behind him and when they were outsides sused his arm
	layer_8: the youth was cloh behind him and when they were outside used his arm
	layer_10: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside used his arm
	layer_12: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside used his arm

file: 5849-50873-0028.flac
expected: boy have a care how you approach me
	layer_2: bo i av the cer holyou prot me
	layer_4: boi had te tere how you pproace me
	layer_6: bo iv had a ter how you approache me
	layer_8: oh i hi've had ha terr hiw you approached me
	layer_10: bo hi've had the tero howe you approached me
	layer_12: o i've had the terro howe you approached me

file: 5849-50873-0029.flac
expected: the soldiers began to crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bands came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_2: the soldiers begin the crowd about the house when ate se nil from capting wadswarth thet traene bance camn on te seen and prepared to grapl with the souldiers
	layer_4: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when atda signal from captain wadsworth the trean bance came on the scen and prepared to graple with the soldiers
	layer_6: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_8: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_10: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train banced came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_12: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain waddsworth the train banced came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers

file: 5849-50873-0030.flac
expected: where is the charter
	layer_2: war ishe charter
	layer_4: whereres the charter
	layer_6: wher us the charter
	layer_8: where is the chartyr
	layer_10: where is the charter
	layer_12: where is the chartar

file: 5849-50873-0031.flac
expected: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of connecticut ready to defend us against violence
	layer_2: you have yeur soldiers of the door and we h ve the train bans of canniticat redy to de frindus agains filence
	layer_4: you have your soldiers of the door and we hardve the train bans of conaticate ready to dhe fiend us against filence
	layer_6: you have your soldiers of the door and we have the trainbands of conneticate ready to defiend us against fiolence
	layer_8: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the trainbands of connecticute ready to defend us against violence
	layer_10: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of connecticute ready to defend us against violence
	layer_12: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of connecticute ready to defend us against violence

file: 5849-50873-0032.flac
expected: who of you has the charter
	layer_2: who ofe y you hasthe charter
	layer_4: who of you hads the charter
	layer_6: who if you has the charter
	layer_8: who of you has the charter
	layer_10: who of you has the charter
	layer_12: who of you has the charter

file: 5849-50873-0033.flac
expected: it was the boy cried the enraged governor
	layer_2: it was the boy cried ing ran sgoverner
	layer_4: it was the boy cried in rench governor
	layer_6: it was the boy cried inranhed governor
	layer_8: it was the boy cried inraned governor
	layer_10: it was the boy cried inrae governor
	layer_12: it was the boy cried inrags governor

file: 5849-50873-0034.flac
expected: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_2: ev erymember of the sesand bly shook their heads
	layer_4: every member of the sadble shook their heads
	layer_6: every member of the asembly shook their heads
	layer_8: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_10: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_12: every member of the assembly shook their heads

file: 5849-50873-0035.flac
expected: we do not know him he does not live in connecticut where does he live
	layer_2: we' dyo not know him he does not leving to hut acgit wherete he live
	layer_4: we do not know him he does not living to het i at where t of he live
	layer_6: we do not know him he does not living to hedtocit where doed she live
	layer_8: we do not know him he does not living to edaget where does he live
	layer_10: we do not know him he does not living ton hedakute where does she live
	layer_12: we do not know him he does not living ton hedacute where does she live

file: 5849-50873-0036.flac
expected: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_2: little dted the captain oras u fulsosten drnin that theire simple act would make the old tree his storct
	layer_4: little did the captain or as youefulse estant dren that their simple act would make the old tree his storic
	layer_6: little did the captain or is youthful asistent dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_8: little did the captain or his youthful assistent dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_10: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_12: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic

file: 5849-50873-0037.flac
expected: the tree in which the document was hidden was ever afterward known as the charter oak
	layer_2: the treeain which the docnet was hitting was ever afterwars non es charter oak
	layer_4: the treaan which the doctonant was hidding was ever afterwards knon is charther oak
	layer_6: the tree in which the dofinat was hittding was ever afterwards known as to chart er oak
	layer_8: the tree in which the dophinat was hitting was ever afterwards known as to chart or oak
	layer_10: the tree in which the dophint was hitting was ever afterwards known as to charter oak
	layer_12: the tree in which the dophinate was hitting was ever afterwards known as to charter oak

file: 5849-50873-0038.flac
expected: it remained vigorous bearing fruit every year until a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_2: it reman the gru sparing ruit every year und tittl ta little afteri id nigi alghos eighteentiftyfix when it was prostreted by  haty storm of wend
	layer_4: it remained the grs paring pruit every year and titdle a little after midnightng augus eighteentfifty six when it was prostreuted bya hivy storm of wind
	layer_6: it remained the gris sparing fruit every year untittle a little after midnight august eighteen fifty fix when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_8: it remained the gris sparing fruit every year untitdle a little after midnight august eighteen fifty ix when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_10: it remained that gris sparing fruit every year until a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_12: it remained that gris sparing fruit every year until a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind

file: 5849-50873-0039.flac
expected: when the order for the seizure of the charters was first made known the assembly of rhode island sent a most loyal address to the king saying
	layer_2: when the order from the sisur of the churtves wis first made knon ye sumbly rou islan sent anmost loyl a gutst to the king saing
	layer_4: when the order from the stesure of the chartives wits first made known yeusembly roureisland sent amost loyal adjus to the king saing
	layer_6: when the order from the seture of the chartis was first made known ye assembly ror islands ent a most loyal adjets to the king saying
	layer_8: when the order from thesizure of the charters was first made known the assembly rhode islands sent a most loyal adjects to the king saying
	layer_10: when the order from the seizure of the charters was first made known the assembly of rhoe island sent a most loyal adjets to the king saying
	layer_12: when the order from the sizure of the charters was first made known the assembly of rhode island sent a most loyal adjects to the king saying

file: 5849-50873-0040.flac
expected: he formally dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five of the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the functions of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_2: he formily thesolve fthe sassembly broke the sceal of the caloniy which bor the figur of an antfer and  the word hope and mainted firvan thye inhaetance into hus lite slytoe council and ha soum the functiun of governor but he did not tak away the parchment unwhich the charter was riten
	layer_4: he formrly disolved the assembly broke the sal of the colony which bor the figure of an ancor and  the word hope an minted fivean the inhabitance into his litiuslatef council and asumd the functione of governor but he did not take away the parchment un which the charter was written
	layer_6: he formerly dissolved  the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five in the inhabitants into his legislative councel and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_8: he formerly dissolved f the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five in the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_10: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five of the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_12: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five of the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written

file: 5849-50873-0041.flac
expected: from that time until the enforced union of the colonies for mutual defence at the breaking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the defensive efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along the frontiers of new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_2: from that time untilld e foreounion of the collonin  srmatual de fence at the birthing out of the frience in in dte in war tdh inghaebitense of rowde islan bor their shar in he defrence of evforts esprecily wen the hostal sav ajes hungalong their frentuarous of newyork likec an ill omant clod
	layer_4: from that time until the foure union of the colonings fornutual defence at the birthing out of the french in indian war theinhabitentse of rod island bor their share in the defrence of eforts especially when the hostal sadvlages hung along their frenters o of new york lake an ill oment cloud
	layer_6: from that time until the four stunion of the colonis for mutual defence at the buring out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rode island bore their share in the diference of efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their frontiers o new york like an ill oment cloud
	layer_8: from that time until the fourhe union of the colonies for mutual defence at the burking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rode island bore their share in the defrence of efforts especially when the hostile savlages hung along their front iers o new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_10: from that time until the fourth union of the colonies for mutual defence at the berking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the defence if efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their frontiers to new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_12: from that time until the fourth union of the colonies for mutual defence at the berking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the defence ife efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their frontiers to new york like an ill omened cloud

file: 5849-50873-0042.flac
expected: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_2: the histry that conia welth is ha dnified with thut of all mhe winlan from the begining of kinguilliam's war soon aftfor the expulstromn of anderos
	layer_4: the histori os that comonwealth is a denivied with that of all ne winglan from the beginning of king willian's war soon afterd tothe expultsfron of andros
	layer_6: the history of that common wealth is adentified with that of all newengland from the beginning of king williams war soon after to the expulson of andros
	layer_8: the history of that commonwealth is hidentified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_10: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_12: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros

file: 5849-50963-0000.flac
expected: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_2: a beautifall day had gron out of the driadful storm
	layer_4: a beautiful day had gron out of the driadful storm
	layer_6: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_8: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_10: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_12: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm

file: 5849-50963-0001.flac
expected: and everybody was so happy
	layer_2: and everybodyn with so happy
	layer_4: and everybodin with so happy
	layer_6: and everybody with so happy
	layer_8: and everybody was so happy
	layer_10: and everybody was so happy
	layer_12: and everybody was so happy

file: 5849-50963-0002.flac
expected: the neptune the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in row boats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_2: the nepton the tess al thatid struck on the sand par wath no stayfly ancuered inour shore and the silors came in an out and roboads back inforth tilnd just to shey wished
	layer_4: the neptein the vessall that a struck on the sandfar was now stey fly anchered near shore and the sailors came in ind out in roboaths back an forth to lant just a sthey wished
	layer_6: the neptin the vessel that had struck on the sandfpar was now stafly anchored near shore and the sailors came in an out in row boats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_8: the neptin the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in row boats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_10: the neptune the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in row boats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_12: the neptune the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in row boats back and forth to land just as they wished

file: 5849-50963-0003.flac
expected: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_2: then we had to go back to work at t he logs went on the captain and then one of er cruew tookthe fevor
	layer_4: then we had to go back to work at ta logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_6: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_8: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_10: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_12: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever

file: 5849-50963-0004.flac
expected: that was what delayed us so
	layer_2: that was what delea a so
	layer_4: that was what delead a so
	layer_6: that was what deled u so
	layer_8: that was what delead us so
	layer_10: that was what delead us sow
	layer_12: that was what de lead us sow

file: 5849-50963-0005.flac
expected: finally we had every log loaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_2: finlly we had every wlll gloyed on  schoonner and we started off
	layer_4: finally we had every wlol glowded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_6: finally we had every wall gloaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_8: finally we had every wall gloated on the schooner and we started off
	layer_10: finally we had every wall gloated on the schooner and we started off
	layer_12: finally we had every wall gloated on the schooner and we started off

file: 5849-50963-0006.flac
expected: we counted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_2: we can'ted on get ing homeless week when this lastorm struck us and drous out of aur course
	layer_4: we caunted on gein home lass week when this last stormstruckus an drovus out of our horse
	layer_6: we caunted on getting home less week when this last torm struck us and drove us out of our ourse
	layer_8: we canted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our ourse
	layer_10: we canted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_12: we conted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course

file: 5849-50963-0007.flac
expected: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was down from the city
	layer_2: about the valou askemister bobsly who is down from the citiy
	layer_4: about the value asked mister bobsey who as down from the city
	layer_6: about the value asked mister bobsey who as down from the city
	layer_8: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was down from the city
	layer_10: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was down from the city
	layer_12: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was down from the city

file: 5849-50963-0008.flac
expected: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_2: the valu werepeated the captain the side so th the strangers magde not here
	layer_4: the value werepeated the captain e side so at the strangers mige not here
	layer_6: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not her
	layer_8: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_10: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_12: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear

file: 5849-50963-0009.flac
expected: well i'm a rich man now and so is my mate mc laughlin for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_2: while i rerich mi nowh and so as my meate mi glocklan for that would was contracted for by the largest and richious pana frm in this countre and now atis all but dhe liverd to them and the money in our hians
	layer_4: while iam arich man now and so as my mate meglaklin for that woud was contracted for by the lergest an riches piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in ourhands
	layer_6: while i'm a rich man now and so is my mate mcglaklan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and riches piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_8: while i 'am a rich man now and so is my mate mc glauklan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_10: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate mcglauklan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_12: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate mc glauklan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands

file: 5849-50963-0010.flac
expected: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to accumulate as much money as we have earned in this year
	layer_2: yesendeed it whod if seaken as alife time to kim lat is much money as we have earned in tha here
	layer_4: yes indeed it whult have taken uss a life time to a kim lad as much money as we have earned in is hear
	layer_6: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to a kinm late as much money as we have earned in this yer
	layer_8: yes indeed it would have taken us a life time to a king lade as much money as we have earned in this year
	layer_10: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to a kinglate as much money as we have earned in this year
	layer_12: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to a kinglate as much money as we have earned in this year

file: 5849-50963-0011.flac
expected: maybe aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_2: mnea de ont emmialy will take you da n to the citiyg on her shoting towr suggested nan
	layer_4: mate on emily will take you da nto the city on her shoing tor suggested nan
	layer_6: ma the on emily will take you da nto the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_8: maytye aunt emily will take you downto the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_10: mayte aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_12: maybe aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan

file: 5849-50963-0012.flac
expected: he made the clerks remove all the truck from the aisles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_2: she made te clerp od of all the troucks rom the ysles and i gues everybody was glad the arme falld down
	layer_4: she made the clercd from ove all the trucks from the eysles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_6: he made the clerke rom ove all the trucks from the isles and i guessed everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_8: he made the clerks remove all the trucks from the isles and i guessed everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_10: he made the clerks remove all the trucks from the isles and i guessed everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_12: he made the clerks remove all the trucks from the aisles and i guessed everybody was glad the army fell down

file: 5849-50963-0013.flac
expected: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_2: the one of ful fresh ar that these menlivedi on night inday had breighten their eyes too so that even the planes facd and the most aowcward man among them was as nimble as an athlyt from his perfecdeixorcidses
	layer_4: the wone eful fresh air that these men livedi on night in day had brighten their eyes too so that even the plinest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimbl as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_6: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night in day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimbele as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_8: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_10: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_12: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise

file: 5849-50962-0000.flac
expected: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_2: called birt who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water sedgeh
	layer_4: called birt who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water sadge
	layer_6: calledbert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water sedge
	layer_8: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the watersedge
	layer_10: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the watersedge
	layer_12: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the watersedge

file: 5849-50962-0001.flac
expected: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minturn and she has a very heavy cargo
	layer_2: it's a schonar said mister bing ham to mister menter and she d as the very heaty cargl
	layer_4: it's a schooner said mister binghim to mister minter and shetas a very heaty cargo
	layer_6: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minter and she' as a very headdy cargo
	layer_8: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minter and she has a very heaty cargo
	layer_10: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister mincer and she has a very heaty cargo
	layer_12: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister mincher and she has a very heaty cargo

file: 5849-50962-0002.flac
expected: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_2: to this cord was fasened a havy ropercble
	layer_4: to this cord was fastened a heavy ropeer cable
	layer_6: to this cord was fastened a heavy roper cable
	layer_8: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_10: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_12: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable

file: 5849-50962-0003.flac
expected: what's that board for asked bert as he saw a board following the cable
	layer_2: what's that board for askepbert andshe saw  board following the keble
	layer_4: what's that board four askedpert ans she saw a board following the keable
	layer_6: what's that board for askedbert ans she saw aboard following the keeble
	layer_8: what's that board for asked bert ans she saw a board following the keyble
	layer_10: what's that board for asked bert as she saw a board following the keeble
	layer_12: what's that board for asked bert as he saw a board following the keeble

file: 5849-50962-0004.flac
expected: that's the directions said hal
	layer_2: thats the directions sad ha
	layer_4: that's the directions sed hewl
	layer_6: that's the directions said ha
	layer_8: that's the directions said hal
	layer_10: that's the directions said hal
	layer_12: that's the directions said hal

file: 5849-50962-0005.flac
expected: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_2: the iarpprinted in an umber v l ing wages and thetelld the crue teo carre the end of the ceable high up to the mast and fas in his strong ly ther
	layer_4: they re printed in anumber of languages and they tell the cru to carry the end of the kable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_6: they e printed in tha number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fastened it strongly there
	layer_8: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_10: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_12: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there

file: 5849-50962-0006.flac
expected: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches buoy will go out on a pulley
	layer_2: oh i see said bert the lang will stretched then and the breches bollyu whale goo on e polly
	layer_4: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breches buly whil go ou on a poly
	layer_6: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches bully wilel go out on a polly
	layer_8: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches bully will go out on a pully
	layer_10: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches bully will go out on a pully
	layer_12: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches bully will go out on a pully

file: 5849-50962-0007.flac
expected: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_2: it was clear day ow and much of the woickin storm ad past
	layer_4: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had pased
	layer_6: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_8: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_10: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_12: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed

file: 5849-50962-0008.flac
expected: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach
	layer_2: wif the deolih cane girls and lom into the beeach
	layer_4: with the deliht came girls and loominto the beach
	layer_6: with the dalight came girls and women to the beach
	layer_8: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach
	layer_10: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach
	layer_12: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach

file: 5849-50962-0009.flac
expected: missus bobbsey missus minturn nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossie and freddie being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan
	layer_2: missus bobsty issus mintern nowly and hermother besides torthy ad nan were all there flosy and frety being abloge to stayt home with dina nd shois en
	layer_4: missus bobsy missus minturn newly and her mother besides dorthyan nan ere all there flosy and fretty being oblodged to stay home with dini ind stisin
	layer_6: missus bobsey missus minturn nelliye and her mother besidesdorothy and nan were all there pflossy and fretday being obliged to stay home with dyna in susen
	layer_8: missus bobbsey missus minturne nelie and her mother besides dorthy and nan were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dina and susan
	layer_10: missus bobbsey missus mintern nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan
	layer_12: missus bobbsey missus minturn nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan

file: 5849-50962-0010.flac
expected: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and bert and hal tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_2: of course the girls ased all sorts of quesions and bert end how tried tot answer then mis best they could
	layer_4: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burten hol tryed to answer them is best they could
	layer_6: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton howl tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_8: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton hol tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_10: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton how tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_12: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton how tried to answer them as best they could

file: 5849-50962-0011.flac
expected: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the buoy was returning
	layer_2: is seemed ta long time yfor any movement of the cabl showe that the boy was rturning
	layer_4: it seemed tha long time befor any movement of the cable showed that the buli was returning
	layer_6: it seemed he long time before any movement of the cables showed that the buy was returning
	layer_8: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the buy was returning
	layer_10: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the buly was returning
	layer_12: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the buoy was returning

file: 5849-50962-0012.flac
expected: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_2: nerer and near it came un till now  mance head could te seeng
	layer_4: nearer an neaer it came until now aman's head could be sen
	layer_6: nearer and nearer it came until now a man'se head could be seen
	layer_8: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_10: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_12: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen

file: 5849-50962-0013.flac
expected: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother
	layer_2: the girlsand woman were two fraite to talk and nowle clun close to her mother
	layer_4: the girls and woman were two frighted to talk and knelliy clun close to her mother
	layer_6: the girls and woman were too frightened to talk and nelly clung close to her mother
	layer_8: the girls and woman were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother
	layer_10: the girls and woman were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother
	layer_12: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother

file: 5849-50962-0014.flac
expected: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the cork belt bounded upon shore
	layer_2: a bigrler dashing in fini h the work for the lifegards and te man in the courtbult band id uponsore
	layer_4: a big rol er dashing in finished the work for the lifegirds and a man in the courtbelt bandet upon shore
	layer_6: a big ruller dashing in finished the work for the lifegirds and a man in the courtbealt bandid upon shore
	layer_8: a big rollert dashing in finished the work for the life gards and a man in the cort belt banded upon shore
	layer_10: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the cort belt banded upon shore
	layer_12: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the cort belt banded upon shore

file: 5849-50962-0015.flac
expected: everybody gathered around and nellie with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man
	layer_2: everybody gathit around ad knuwle with the strange face and a straneger holpe brokes hrugh the craud to see the reskeed man
	layer_4: everybody gathered around ad knuwly with the strange face and a stranger hope brokes through the crowd to see the rescued man
	layer_6: everybody gathered around and nellie with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the ruskied man
	layer_8: everybody gathered around and nellie with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the resked man
	layer_10: everybody gathered around and nelly with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the reskued man
	layer_12: everybody gathered around and nelly with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the reskued man

file: 5849-50962-0016.flac
expected: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man
	layer_2: oh it is my father she scremed falling reight intio the arncse of the drinchd man
	layer_4: oh it is my father she screamed falling rit into the earns of the drinched manh
	layer_6: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arnts of the drenched man
	layer_8: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man
	layer_10: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man
	layer_12: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man

file: 5849-50962-0017.flac
expected: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_2: but the halftrnd man rubed his eyes its if fhe could not belieate them then the nextminiat he pressed has little daugter to his heart anable to speak l word
	layer_4: but the half dround man rubbed his eyes is if he could not belieave them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to is heart anable to speak al word
	layer_6: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart enable to speak a word
	layer_8: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_10: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_12: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word

file: 5849-50962-0018.flac
expected: and is george bingham out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_2: and is gorge bing hiam out there andxiously asked the brother
	layer_4: and is george beinghim out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_6: and his george bing him out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_8: and is george bing him out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_10: and is george bring him out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_12: and is george bring him out there anxiously asked the brother

file: 5849-50962-0019.flac
expected: safe and well came the welcome answer
	layer_2: safe and well kine he lulcon answter
	layer_4: safe and well kame the welcome answer
	layer_6: safe and well came the welcome answter
	layer_8: safe and well came the welcome answer
	layer_10: safe and well came the welcome answer
	layer_12: safe and well came the welcome answer

file: 5849-50962-0020.flac
expected: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_2: i guess i prers were herad hlasinight
	layer_4: i guess ir preers were hear ad lasst night
	layer_6: i guess yur prayers were heard last night
	layer_8: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_10: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_12: i guess our prayers were heard last night

file: 5849-50962-0021.flac
expected: here comes another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on the sands
	layer_2: her come inother man exclimedt the people as this time a bignan dashed on sans
	layer_4: here come tanother man exclemed the people as this time abignant dashed on th sans
	layer_6: here come another man exclaimed the people as this time a bignant dashed onh sanse
	layer_8: here comes another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on the sands
	layer_10: here comes another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on the sands
	layer_12: here come another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on the sands

file: 5849-50962-0022.flac
expected: well i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_2: while i toclar le didteland on a friendly shore
	layer_4: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_6: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_8: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_10: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_12: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore

file: 5849-50962-0023.flac
expected: just as mister bingham said the life saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nellie's father and hal's uncle
	layer_2: justes mister bing ham said the li saving work turned out to be a social ffair for there was a great time greting knilly sfather and house uncle
	layer_4: just as mister being him said the lie aving work turned out to be associal affair for there was a great time greting knellys father and house uncle
	layer_6: just as mister bingham said the lie saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelly's father and house uncle
	layer_8: just as mister bingham said the lie saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelly's father and hou's uncle
	layer_10: just as mister bingham said the life saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelly's father and how's uncle
	layer_12: just as mister bingham said the lie saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelly's father and how's uncle

file: 5849-50962-0024.flac
expected: and hal and his father too put in nan
	layer_2: and holan his father to put in nhan
	layer_4: and how an his father too put in nan
	layer_6: and how in his father too put in nan
	layer_8: and how ond his father too put in nan
	layer_10: and how and his father too put in nan
	layer_12: and how and his father too put in nan

file: 5849-50962-0025.flac
expected: what a morning that was at sunset beach
	layer_2: wat a morning that was it senset begh
	layer_4: what a morning that was it sense at bech
	layer_6: what a morning that was it sense at beech
	layer_8: what a morning that was it sense at beach
	layer_10: what a morning that was it senseet beach
	layer_12: what a morning that was it senseet beach

file: 5849-50962-0026.flac
expected: i'm so glad we prayed said little flossie to freddie when she heard the good news
	layer_2: a m so gladwy praed said little flosye to freadty when she heared the good nos
	layer_4: i'm so gladwe prated said little flosy t fready when is she heard the good news
	layer_6: i'm so glad we praed said little flosy to fredy when is she heard the good news
	layer_8: i am so glad we preted said little flossiy t freddy when as she heard the good news
	layer_10: i am so glad we' prettied said little flossie to freddy when as she heard the good news
	layer_12: i am so glad we prettied said little flossie to freddy when as she heard the good news

file: 2506-13150-0000.flac
expected: pray captain quoth i as i was going down into the cabin is a man never overtaken by death in this passage
	layer_2: fraa capton crs i as ia was going down intos a caven it' a marnnover overtaken by dus and this passage
	layer_4: ra captain cos i as i was going down intos a cavbin it's a ma nover overtaken by dess and this passage
	layer_6: ray captain croese i as i was going down intohs a cabin it's a man never overtaken by des an this passage
	layer_8: ray captain croz eie as i was going down into his a cabin it's a man never overtaken by des in this passage
	layer_10: pray captain cro's i as i was going down into s cabin it's a man never overtaken by duse in this passage
	layer_12: pray captain croes i as i was going down into  cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus in this passage

file: 2506-13150-0001.flac
expected: why there is not time for a man to be sick in it replied he what a cursed lyar for i am sick as a horse quoth i already what a brain upside down hey day
	layer_2: wy the' not ime fr a man to be sicun it repliety what carsed lir for i am sic as a holse quosz i olreaty wata brain obside down heay day
	layer_4: why there's not ime for a man to be sickin it repliety what ae curst lia for i am sick as a holes quosi already what a brain absite down hay day
	layer_6: why there's not im for a man to be sickin i repliedt y what a curse liar for i am sick as a hols cuozi already what a brain obside down hay day
	layer_8: why there's not time for a man to be sick ined replied he what a cursed lier for i am sick as a horls quosi already what a brain ubside down hey day
	layer_10: why there's no time for no man to be sick in id replied he what a cursed liar for i am sick as a horse quoths i already what a brain ubside down hey day
	layer_12: why there's no time for no man to be sick in ed replied he what a cursed liar for i am sick as a horse quoth i already what a brain ubside down hey day

file: 2506-13150-0002.flac
expected: sick sick
	layer_2: sa aik
	layer_4: sack sak
	layer_6: sick sike
	layer_8: sic sik
	layer_10: sek seke
	layer_12: sek sek

file: 2506-13150-0003.flac
expected: sick sick
	layer_2: sa sink
	layer_4: sack sick
	layer_6: sick sick
	layer_8: sick sick
	layer_10: sick sick
	layer_12: sick sick

file: 2506-13150-0004.flac
expected: when shall we get to land
	layer_2: on shallwbe get ta land
	layer_4: hene shall be get ha land
	layer_6: one shall be get to land
	layer_8: one shall we get to land
	layer_10: one shall we get to land
	layer_12: one shall we get to land

file: 2506-13150-0005.flac
expected: the wind chopp'd about
	layer_2: the wenc okedtabout
	layer_4: anthe wenchopd about
	layer_6: athe win chopped about
	layer_8: adthe wind choppked about
	layer_10: dthe wind chopped about
	layer_12: the wind chopped about

file: 2506-13150-0006.flac
expected: s'death then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_2: s deas the ni shall met him fud imf the fae
	layer_4: sdet then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_6: sdes then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_8: sdeath then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_10: zdeath then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_12: zdeath then i shall meet him full in the face

file: 2506-13150-0007.flac
expected: captain quoth she for heaven's sake let us get ashore
	layer_2: captain coo she for have a' sake let as get to shour
	layer_4: captain coo she for hev a zake let us get is so
	layer_6: captain cro she for heaer'szage let us get ashawl
	layer_8: captain kuo she for heavearn's ake let us get ashawl
	layer_10: captain quo she for heaven's sake let us get ashawl
	layer_12: captain quo she for heaven's sake let us get ashawl

file: 2506-13150-0008.flac
expected: was not democritus who laughed ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_2: was not dimucrites whoule lageten timesmore sden i tan clerg ofr apderao
	layer_4: was not dimucretus who laughten times more tan ye tan clergu of abdera
	layer_6: was not democritus who lauge ten times more than i ton clerg of abdera
	layer_8: was not democratus who laughe ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_10: was not democratus who lagh ten times more than i town clerk of abdere
	layer_12: was not democratus who laugh ten times more than i town clerk of abderer

file: 2506-13150-0009.flac
expected: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_2: nay if he douned belive me you may reats the chaptrfor your pains
	layer_4: nay if you durn't believe me you may read the chaptir for your pains
	layer_6: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chepter for your pains
	layer_8: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_10: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_12: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains

file: 2506-11267-0000.flac
expected: i see shoals of them depart not perhaps without an innate longing too to quit the island along with those happy snobs
	layer_2: ises shors of stime depard ndnotd perhaps efes oud an a nad longing two to qret the iolend dalong rihes ha bis nobs
	layer_4: ise shares ofe themen depard not perhaps ws out an enade longing too do cret the iseland along wiher's hapbis nobs
	layer_6: i ce shures of temen depard not perhaps ovas out and anaid longing too to cet the island along with theirs happhys knobs
	layer_8: i ce shors of them depard not perhaps was out an anade longing too to gret the island along with thers happy sknobs
	layer_10: i see shores of them depart not perhaps was out and inaide longing too to qet the island along with theise happy sknobs
	layer_12: i see shores of them depart not perhaps was out an inaide longing too to quet the island along with theise happy sknobs

file: 2506-11267-0001.flac
expected: farewell dear friends i say you little know that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and brother
	layer_2: foa a will you friencs i say neu littenow thathy endeivida who regards you from the bech is your friend and his toryorifer and proser
	layer_4: fr a well d your friends i say nyew litterekno that he endividua who regards you from the beach is your friend and historyorapher and proszer
	layer_6: for a well d yeu friends i say new lettle know that he individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiocrapher and proser
	layer_8: faerewelld dar friends i say kew little know that he individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and proser
	layer_10: farewell dear friends i say kyew little know that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and prozer
	layer_12: farewell dear friends i say kyew little kno that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and prozer

file: 2506-11267-0002.flac
expected: i went to day to see our excellent friend snooks on board the queen of the french many scores of snobs were there on the deck of that fine ship marching forth in their pride and bravery
	layer_2: i wento day to seeoureclendfent snokes on bougtd the queen of a friengh many scause a snops was are on the deck of sad findship marching force in their pridandt ravry
	layer_4: i went to day to see ar rexcellent vent snokes on boaut the queen of the friench many scarse a snops were ere on the dack of at findship marching falrce in their prid ent brafre
	layer_6: i went to day to see our excellent vant snokes on board the queen of the french many scorlse of snops were here on the deck of sat fineship marching falce in their pride and bravfry
	layer_8: i went to day to see our excellent vent snocks on board the queen of the french many scores of snops were there on the deck of tshat fineship marching fals in their pride and brafery
	layer_10: i went to day to see our excellent vent snocks on board the queen of the french many scores of snobs were there on the deck of that fine ship marching falths in their pride and brafery
	layer_12: i went to day to see our excellent vant snocks on board the queen of the french many scores of snobs were there on the deck of that fine ship marching falths in their pride and brafery

file: 2506-11267-0003.flac
expected: they will be at ostend in four hours they will inundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snob
	layer_2: they will be at osteandind forouers they wile in undayte the continand nexttweek theyveare carrianto far lans the fanmous emage of the prittish snop
	layer_4: they will be at ostant int four houers they will enundate the continent next wek they were cary an to far lance the famous emage of the british snop
	layer_6: they will be at astened int four hours they will anundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop
	layer_8: they will be at austent in four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop
	layer_10: they will be at austentin four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snob
	layer_12: they will be at austentin four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snob

file: 2506-11267-0004.flac
expected: i have seen snobs in pink coats and hunting boots scouring over the campagna of rome and have heard their oaths and their well known slang in the galleries of the vatican and under the shadowy arches of the colosseum
	layer_2: i have seem snobs in pincodes andt unpting boots scaowring oves ta compani of rome and hirvf heard ars ther rodes tan theire wellnan slaing and the ganries of the vaticon and to undered the chudery ardsceres of the colosm
	layer_4: i have seen snobs in pincodts and hunting boots scowring overs a companyof rome and have hear tas ther ods hem theire well known slang an the galeries of the vagican andt undered the chadewy arches of the colasem
	layer_6: i have seen snobs in pincodes and hunting boots scouring over a compani of rome and have heard to their oads and their ewell known slang in the galleries of the vagican and t under the shadwy arches of the colosime
	layer_8: i have seen snobs in pin codes and hunting boots scouring over a campanie of rome and have heard a their roads and their well known slang in the galleries of the vagican and under the shadowy anches of the coloseum
	layer_10: i have seen snobs in pin coats and hunting boots scouring over the campagn of rome and have heard of their roads and their well known slang in the galleries of the badican and under the shadowy arches of the coloseum
	layer_12: i have seen snobs in pin coats and hunting boots scouring over the campagn of rome and have heard of their roads and their well known slang in the galleries of the badican and under the shadowy arches of the coloseum

file: 2506-11267-0005.flac
expected: my lady marchioness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_2: my lady marginess comes one bord look s round wih haid happe arr of mingle terrer and departnance which dhistinguishes her ladyshoip and drecias to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingoe wits thy other smnobson dake
	layer_4: my lady marchiness comes on board looks round wit aid happy air of mingle terror and epertinance which distinguises her ladyship and rucius to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobson dack
	layer_6: my lady marchines comes on board looks round weeh sad happy air of mingle terror and ipertinence which distinguises her ladyship and rusies to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_8: my lady marchiness comes on board looks round with said happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_10: my lady marchioness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_12: my lady marchioness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck

file: 2506-11267-0006.flac
expected: there she sits and will be ill in private
	layer_2: there she sats and will be ellemprivid
	layer_4: there she saits and will be illem privite
	layer_6: ther she sits and will be illem private
	layer_8: there she sits and will be illimprivate
	layer_10: there she sits and will be ill im private
	layer_12: there she sits and will be ill im private

file: 2506-11267-0007.flac
expected: the strawberry leaves on her chariot panels are engraved on her ladyship's heart
	layer_2: thestrobrleae on her charit pannels aur in grat on her lady ships hard
	layer_4: thistrorbeareleas on her chariit pannels are in greate on her ladyship's hard
	layer_6: the strawberyleaves on her charioat pannels arer ing grate on her ladyship's hard
	layer_8: the strawberryleves on her chariot panels are in great on her ladyship's heart
	layer_10: the strawberry leaves on her chariot panels are in great on her ladyship's heart
	layer_12: the strawberry leaves on her chariot panels are in great on her ladyship's heart

file: 2506-11267-0008.flac
expected: and davis you'd best take the pistol case into the cabin
	layer_2: and devas you'd bestike the picocas intita caven
	layer_4: and dave rs you'd mastake the picilcase into hishe cavin
	layer_6: and dav as you'd bastake the pistlcase into his cavin
	layer_8: and davas you h'd best take the pistle case into his cavin
	layer_10: and davas you'd best take the pistole case into his cavern
	layer_12: and davas you'd best take the pistole case into his cavern

file: 2506-11267-0009.flac
expected: look at honest nathan houndsditch and his lady and their little son
	layer_2: lookat almost nace on hanstigh and his ladyand their litta som
	layer_4: looket almost nace in hand stitch an his lady an their littl sun
	layer_6: look at almost nace in hands ditch and his lady an their little sun
	layer_8: look at almost naceon handstitch and his lady iam their little son
	layer_10: look at olmost nicein hand stitch and his lady i'm their little son
	layer_12: look at olmost niece in handsditch and his lady i'm their little son

file: 2506-11267-0010.flac
expected: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race
	layer_2: what a nuble ar of bleasin contentment iluminade tefeachuers ole tho snobs of eastn rase
	layer_4: what a noble ar of bleasing contentment illuminate tefeatures al thohe snobs of eastan race
	layer_6: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminate the features of those snops of eastern race
	layer_8: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race
	layer_10: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race
	layer_12: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race

file: 2506-11267-0011.flac
expected: what a toilette houndsditch's is
	layer_2: whatdhar twon at hounds dic hisas
	layer_4: what a twane at hounds ditchesays
	layer_6: what a twone at houns ditches as
	layer_8: what a tonnatt houn's ditchesas
	layer_10: what a toinnett hounds ditches is
	layer_12: what a toinnett hounds ditches is

file: 2506-11267-0012.flac
expected: he will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_2: yoit will nevehers parhimself any theepen joymend
	layer_4: ot will nevers mare himself any cheep an joyment
	layer_6: it will never speare himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_8: it will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_10: i will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_12: it will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment

file: 2506-11267-0013.flac
expected: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gala days they are so picturesquely and outrageously splendid and happy
	layer_2: i havesad before i like to lookat the peoples on theyr gallar days thee so pietrussely ant outreagiouslysplendedant hapby
	layer_4: i have sed before i like to look at the peoples on thei galla days therea so picdrasiculy and oute ragously splended and havy
	layer_6: i have sat before i like to look at the peoples on their gala days ther e so pictrascully and out arageously splendid and hapy
	layer_8: i have sat before i like to look at the peoples on their galla days they ae so picturasqcully and out orageously splendid and hapvpy
	layer_10: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gala days they are so picturesquelly and outrageously splendid and happy
	layer_12: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gala days they are so picturesquelly and outrageously splendid and happy

file: 2506-11267-0014.flac
expected: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tight and trim who travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great a snob as any man on board
	layer_2: younther comes kaptaan balspicanspan tid and drim whit travees fer for ore sixmon sevea year of vhis life who oes not commitet himself by lucury of ramend o renolence of demeaner but i a think es as greatdi soppas any man on board
	layer_4: yonder comes captaan bul speckand span tied and drim whih travels for four o six month seve year of his life who does not commit himself by luxtory of rame ent orinsolence of demaner but iou think is as great es noppas any man on board
	layer_6: yonder comes captain bull spick an spand tied and drem were travels for four or six month s evey year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or ensolence of demeanor but i  think as a s greatestsnoppe's any man on board
	layer_8: yonder comes captain ball spick and span tide and drim with travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanor but i think is has great astnoppos any man on board
	layer_10: yonder comes captain ball spick and span tide and trim wite travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think as as great as anop as any man on board
	layer_12: yonder comes captain baul spick and span tide and trim wi travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think as as great as nop as any man on board

file: 2506-11267-0015.flac
expected: bull passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garret near his club
	layer_2: bol passes taseaseon ind london sponging for diners and sle ping in agarradnear his clop
	layer_4: boll passes the ceason in lonton sponging for dinners and toleoping in a garret nea his clup
	layer_6: ball passes to season in lonton sponging for dinners and tleeping in a garret near his clap
	layer_8: bull passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garret near his clup
	layer_10: bull passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a gurret near his club
	layer_12: bull passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a gurret near his club

file: 2506-11267-0016.flac
expected: see he is up to old carabas already i told you he would
	layer_2: see is aptold carpbasalrady i tald o he wuld
	layer_4: see  s up told carbas alridy i told yho he would
	layer_6: see e is up to old careabers already i told you he would
	layer_8: see he is up to old carbers already i told you he would
	layer_10: see he is up to old cowbers already i told you he would
	layer_12: see he is up to old cowebers already i told you he would

file: 2506-11267-0017.flac
expected: that broad shouldered buck with the great whiskers and the cleaned white kid gloves is mister phelim clancy of poldoodystown he calls himself mister de clancy he endeavours to disguise his native brogue with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiards or ecarte with him the chances are that you will win the first game and he the seven or eight games ensuing
	layer_2: that brough chuded bk waes agreatweskcirs am the klentwite kid glos is mister fellum clantcy of poldudy stown he cause himself mister doln'ce he andeves tod disginse es native rok wis a rihest sope position of inglish and af yuplay ad billiards or ecart wits him tdhe chanters are that he wirl won the firs gaing and he the seven au eaight games andsuing
	layer_4: that brouagh chorlded book wats a great wiskes an the clean twite kit gloves is mister fellumn clancy of pouldudy stown he caulse himself mister doclan ce he endeavours to disguisehes native bruk with te richest su peposition of english and if fyouplay at bilyards or ecart ws him did chancsers are that he will won the tirst gan and he the seven all eigt games and suing
	layer_6: that broad cshoulderet book was a great whiskers and the clean twuite kitclufvhs is mister fallom clansy of poulduty town he cause himself mister du clan cee he endeavous to disguise his native brok with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billyards or recart was him did chances are that he werl when the tirst gane and he the seven oll eight games an seuwing
	layer_8: that broad shouldered book wats ha great whiskers and the clean twite kitclovhes is mister pallom clansy of paul dutys town he cals himself mister deu clan cy he endeavoursd to disguise his native brak with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiards or racart waith him di chances are that he wile when the first gam and he the seven or eight games ensuing
	layer_10: that broad shouldered book with the great whiskers and the clean twhite kit gloves is mister phallam clansy of palduties down he calls himself mister de clancy he endeavours to disguise his native brak with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiarde's or a cart with him thi chances are that yeu will win the first game and he the seven or eight games ensuing
	layer_12: that broad shouldered book with the great whiskers and the clean twhite kitgloves is mister phallom clansy of palduties down he calls himself mister de clancy he endeavours to disguise his native brauk with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiards or a cart with him thid chances are that you will win the first game and he the seven or eight games ensuing

file: 2506-11267-0018.flac
expected: the next person is but hark
	layer_2: the next persan is inber thargk
	layer_4: the next berson is unbet hark
	layer_6: the next person is u but hark
	layer_8: the next person is ubut hark
	layer_10: the next person is ubut hark
	layer_12: the next person is ubert hark

file: 2506-11278-0000.flac
expected: when a gross instance of snobbishness happens why should not the indignant journalist call the public attention to that delinquency too
	layer_2: when a grose instans of snoubmishness happens wi should not the indignand janarlis caus ha publicattentiontuds at delling tucey to
	layer_4: when it grose instance of snoglishness happens wi should not the indignant joarnaless caus the public attention dudes at dellingcocy too
	layer_6: when i groses instance of snolishness happens why should not the indignant journalist cause the public attention dudes at delincucy too
	layer_8: when a grosws instance of snobishness happens why should not the indignant journalist calse the public attention dotes hat delincucy too
	layer_10: when a grows instance of snobishness happens why should not the indignant journalist cause the public attention do that delincracy too
	layer_12: when a grows instance of snobishness happens why should not the indignant journalist cause the public attention doo that delincracy too

file: 2506-11278-0001.flac
expected: how for instance could that wonderful case of the earl of mangelwurzel and his brother be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_2: how for enstance could sat ond rfor cate of the aun of mangle wor so antd his broser be exeminet in the snobish pointef e
	layer_4: how for instance could sat wondrfulcate of the al of mangle vorzo and his broser be exermined int the snobish point of ew
	layer_6: how for instance could tat wonderful kate of the asle of manglewerzl and his proser be examined in the snobblish point of view
	layer_8: how for instance could that wonderful kate of the all of mangleverzil and his procer be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_10: how for instance could that wonderful kate of the aisle of mangle verzil and his proser be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_12: how for instance could that wonderful kate of the aisle of mangle verzil and his prosper be examined in the snobbish point of view

file: 2506-11278-0002.flac
expected: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangelwurzelshire
	layer_2: al re requy is tha s amanshould be recommini to as by the erl of mago asutiure
	layer_4: all we requi as thas a man should be recommende to us by the earl of maga an secta
	layer_6: all we requir is thus a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mange roo serchare
	layer_8: orl we require is thus a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mengavozucher
	layer_10: or we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mengeronzuschere
	layer_12: or we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mengeronzuschere

file: 2506-11278-0003.flac
expected: o you pride of all snobland
	layer_2: o you prid if ol slmor blandt
	layer_4: o you pride of all snoland
	layer_6: o you pride of all snopland
	layer_8: o you pride of all snobland
	layer_10: oh you pride of all snobland
	layer_12: oh you pride of all snobland

file: 2506-11278-0004.flac
expected: o you crawling truckling self confessed lackeys and parasites
	layer_2: oru creing trockling self comfast lackes and pararcies
	layer_4: ory creaewing trockling self confast lackies and parasides
	layer_6: o'ere cruawling truckling self confaet lackies and parasides
	layer_8: over crawling truckling self confest lackeies and paracidtes
	layer_10: o'er crawling truckling self confessed lackeys and paracites
	layer_12: o'er crawling truckling self confessed lackeys and paracites

file: 2506-11278-0005.flac
expected: it was her snobbish sentiment that misled her and made her vanities a prey to the swindling fortune teller
	layer_2: it was he snobbise sentiment thut mislat her and to mate have vanities appray da t this wendling fortuuntaler
	layer_4: it was her snobise sentiment thuht miss let her and to made ha vanities appraydd if this winling fortune taller
	layer_6: it was her snobblish sentiment thut mis let her and to made her vanityes o prayedf the swindling fortune tallor
	layer_8: it was her snobbish sentiment thought miss led her and to make her vanities or prayde  the swindling fortune tanlor
	layer_10: it was her snobbish sentiment thought miss led her and to make her vanities of prede wif the swindling fortune talor
	layer_12: it was her snobbish sentiment thought miss let her and to make her vanities of preye if the swindling fortune talor

file: 2506-11278-0006.flac
expected: how would you account for the prodigious benevolence exercised towards the interesting young french lady
	layer_2: howld your coun for t a prodiches benevilens ixercis towas intesting ionfrenth lady
	layer_4: how wid your coun for the prodigues benevlence exercise towars intesting infrench lady
	layer_6: how would youaccount for the prodigus benevlence exercised towards interesting in french lady
	layer_8: how would you account for the prodigous benevolence exercised towards interesting in french lady
	layer_10: how would you account for the prodigious benevolence exercised towards the interesting in french lady
	layer_12: how would you account for the prodigious benevolence exercised towards the interesting in french lady

file: 2506-11278-0007.flac
expected: the honest boarding house people were at her feet at once
	layer_2: the hlmhorst boding house people ra t her feete twons
	layer_4: the homoist bording house people wreat her feetar twonse
	layer_6: the homost bording house people wrat her feet at tons
	layer_8: the homus boardinghouse people rat her feet a once
	layer_10: the homos boarding house people were at her feet at once
	layer_12: the homos boarding house people were at her feet at once

file: 2506-11278-0008.flac
expected: good honest simple lord loving children of snobland
	layer_2: god honmy sybpel lo d loving  jildenm of smolent
	layer_4: good honu symple lord loving gildrem of smoblant
	layer_6: good honoar simple lord loving jildrem of smopland
	layer_8: good honur simple lord loving jildruem of snobland
	layer_10: good honor simple lord loving cildrem of snogland
	layer_12: good honor simple lord loving cildrum of snobland

file: 2506-11278-0009.flac
expected: finally there was the case of the right honourable mister vernon at york
	layer_2: finily therewas occase of derighd onobr mister vein an hat ug
	layer_4: finally there was occase of derite onouboe mister vurn an atd yogue
	layer_6: finally there was a case of derihe honourabl mister venand at yorkg
	layer_8: finally there was a case of the right honourable mister vernan at york
	layer_10: finally there was a case of the right honourable mister vernond at york
	layer_12: finally there was a case of the right honourable mister vernon at york

file: 2506-11278-0010.flac
expected: the right honourable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_2: thereite onorabe was ha son of anoboman and prectist onan o lady
	layer_4: the right honoraba was a son of an obloman and practist onanor lady
	layer_6: the right honorabou was a son of an oblemen and practised on anold lady
	layer_8: the right honorable was ha son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_10: the right honorable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_12: the right honorable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady

file: 2506-11278-0011.flac
expected: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry
	layer_2: then he cast hisnets over familyf father mother anddaughters one of him hepoprosed demary
	layer_4: then he cast his nets over y familyo father mother and aughters one of him he proprosed o mary
	layer_6: then he cast his nets over a family o father mother and aughters one of him he propose to marry
	layer_8: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of him he proposed to marry
	layer_10: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of hom he proposed to marry
	layer_12: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of hom he proposed to marry

file: 2506-11278-0012.flac
expected: one day the traitor fled with a teapot and a basketful of cold victuals
	layer_2: one dayve the drea of plt with a ee pate and a busket ful of cald ficgtuers
	layer_4: one daed the drat of blat with a ta pote and a bosketful of called figtures
	layer_6: one dave the drate of plat with a teap ot and a bosketfull of colld victures
	layer_8: one dayve the drate of plat with a teapoter and a basketfull of cold victures
	layer_10: one day the drate of platt with a teapoter and a basket full of coldt victures
	layer_12: one day the drate of plait with a teapoter and a basket full of colt victures

file: 2506-11278-0013.flac
expected: it was the right honourable which baited the hook which gorged all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_2: it was aviede onorabe which baded the hok which gorge al these greedys symple snobes
	layer_4: it was arvite honorablle which baeed the hook which gorge all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_6: it was anvite honourable which bated the hook which gorge old these greedy simple snabs
	layer_8: it was a vite honorable which bated the hook which gorge old these greedy simple snobs
	layer_10: it was a vit honorable which bated the hook which gorge old these greedy simple snobs
	layer_12: it was a vit honoable which baited the hook which george old these greedy simple snobs

file: 2506-11278-0014.flac
expected: would they have been taken in by a commoner
	layer_2: what tey have ben taken in by comrner
	layer_4: what they have been taken in by commoner
	layer_6: what they have been takeng in by commoner
	layer_8: would they have been taken in by commoner
	layer_10: would they have been taken in by commoner
	layer_12: would they have been taken in by commoner

file: 2506-11278-0015.flac
expected: alas and alas what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_2: a las and anlis what mat or mam tha speak s etrs con hepe for such anan lady
	layer_4: elass and alars what mator man the speak te truth can hope for such a land lady
	layer_6: alas and alas what morter man the speaksitruth can hope for such a land lady
	layer_8: alas and alas what mortal man the speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_10: alas and alais what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_12: alas and alais what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady

file: 2506-11278-0016.flac
expected: and yet all these instances of fond and credulous snobbishness have occurred in the same week's paper with who knows how many score more
	layer_2: and at wal sy s insences of fon dand cratttulus slobshness avea cured an the same weks paper wais he no s how many schor morl
	layer_4: and yet whallsthes insences of fod an cracuulous snobishness have occurred an the same weeks paber was her nos how many scor mar
	layer_6: and yet walses inctanses of fond andcratulous snobbishness have occurred amd the same weeks paper wish ho knowsd how many scorle mor
	layer_8: and yet walese's insances of fond andcradulous snobbishness have occurred am the same weeks paper wish who knows how many scor more
	layer_10: and yet walsze's instances of fond incredulous slobbishness have occurred and the same week's paper with who knows how many score more
	layer_12: and yet waleshe's instances of fond incredulous slobbishness have occurred and the same week's paper with who knows how many score more

file: 2506-11278-0017.flac
expected: we are three sisters from seventeen to twenty two
	layer_2: we atheree sestis o serventeen to trende to
	layer_4: we are three sisterc moseventeen to twentitone
	layer_6: we ar three sisters mom serventeen to twentytune
	layer_8: wel are three sisters rom seventeen to twenty toon
	layer_10: wi ar three sisters from seventeen to twenty twon
	layer_12: wi ar three sisters from seventeen to twenty twon

file: 2506-11278-0018.flac
expected: we are just the same to persons with a handle to their name as to those without it
	layer_2: we ire just assemed to pesens for as a handle t ohseanamemust othos wats outite
	layer_4: we are just as seemed to persons for wis a handle twohtana m ust e those washout it
	layer_6: we are just he seme to persons for with a handle to then a ast to those without it
	layer_8: we are just the same to persons for with a handle to their am as to those without it
	layer_10: we are just the same to persons who with a handle to their ame as to those without it
	layer_12: we are just the same to persons who with a handle to their name as to those without it

file: 2506-11278-0019.flac
expected: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering hope
	layer_2: if you do i canotalpid bud iam oe thr sangren disposition and edtetain hi lingring homp
	layer_4: if yoeu do i cannottal it but i am o tha sanguin disposition and entertain thelingering homp
	layer_6: if yoe do i cannot help it but i am other sanguine disposition and entertain he lingering hompe
	layer_8: if yeu do i cannot help it but i am othe sanguine disposition and entertain the lingering hompe
	layer_10: if you do i cannot help it but i am of the sanguine disposition and entertain the lingering hompe
	layer_12: if you do i cannot help it but i am of the sanguine disposition and entertain the lingering hompe

file: 2506-11278-0020.flac
expected: excuse this scrawl but i always write headlong
	layer_2: excus is grwl but i always right had long
	layer_4: excuses grawl but i always right had long
	layer_6: excususe grawel but i always right had lone
	layer_8: excuse es grawel but i always right had long
	layer_10: excuse tis grael but i always rit head long
	layer_12: excuse his groel but i always rit head long

file: 2506-11278-0021.flac
expected: we never write on perfumed paper in short i can't help thinking that if you knew us you would not think us snobs
	layer_2: we neveer writ oan pefumed to paver it jord i comt up sinking that if hi eas you world lot sing is s nops
	layer_4: we never wriht an prfume to paver it georg i can't up sinking that if hu knews you would not sink is snops
	layer_6: we never wright onprfumed to paver in george i can't up sinking that if he knewus you would not sink ha snops
	layer_8: we never write on perfume to paver in george i can't help sinking that if he knew us you would not sink is snops
	layer_10: we never write on perfume to paver in george i can't help sinking that if he knew us he would not sink is snops
	layer_12: we never write on perfume to paver in george i can't help sinking that if he knew us yo would not sink is snops

file: 2506-11278-0022.flac
expected: i shall have a black crape round my white hat and my usual bamboo cane with the richly gilt knob
	layer_2: i shal have a black rap ero had my  white hat ant's my ousuau baun be came as s e rically gild naoe
	layer_4: i shall have a black raber hand my  white had and  my useal ban boo kae wis sericily gildsnovf
	layer_6: i shall have a black crabeor and my white had and my usual bamboo came wer serichally guilt n ov
	layer_8: i shall have a black crabere ad my white hat and my usual bamboo cane wers sir richealy gilt knarf
	layer_10: i shall have a black crabrw and my white hat and my usual bamboo cane wish sir richaly gilt knarb
	layer_12: i shall have a black crayberw and my white hat and my usual bamboo cane wis sir richly gilt narf

file: 2506-11278-0023.flac
expected: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_2: i am sorriys thi will be no time to get up mostacious beh weenow ind next week
	layer_4: i am sorr is there will be no time to get up mustachous betwe now an next week
	layer_6: i am so he there will be no time to get up moustachous betwee now an next week
	layer_8: i am sorrhe there will be no time to get up moustacies between now and next week
	layer_10: i am surrey there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_12: i am surry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week

file: 2506-11278-0024.flac
expected: from seventeen to two and twenty ye gods what ages
	layer_2: from seventeem i o intrenty yid gots wortagus
	layer_4: from seventeen i to intranty yi gods ort agus
	layer_6: from seventeem tito intranti youre godsort agees
	layer_8: from seventeen titu intrantee youre gad sorht ages
	layer_10: from seventeen tituintrentee your god ort ages
	layer_12: from seventeen tituintrentee your god ort ages

file: 2506-11278-0025.flac
expected: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_2: dhar young creatius i can see you all tree
	layer_4: tear young creaturs i can see you all three
	layer_6: ther young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_8: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_10: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_12: dear young creatures i can see you all three

file: 2506-11278-0026.flac
expected: seventeen suits me as nearest my own time of life but mind i don't say two and twenty is too old
	layer_2: seventin sus me as nea asmy an thime  flife but myt i don't sayturn trenty stalrd
	layer_4: seventeen sus me as near us my untime offlife but myhat i don't say tu n trentystalld
	layer_6: seventeen sus me as nearas my wn time of life but miht i don't say to n trenty stold
	layer_8: seventeen sus me as near as my own time of life but miht i don't say two untrenty stoold
	layer_10: seventeen suits me as near as my own time of life but might i don't say two untrenty stooled
	layer_12: seventeen suts me as near as my own time of life but might i don't say two untrenty stooled

file: 2506-11278-0027.flac
expected: no no and that pretty roguish demure middle one
	layer_2: no no afd that friy rogis to mur middlr one
	layer_4: inow no an that ritty rogis domumiddle one
	layer_6: now now a'm that fritty rogis demur middle one
	layer_8: now now i'm that fretty rogi's demur middlone
	layer_10: no no i'm thet fritty roguie's de mure midlean
	layer_12: no no i'm the fritty rogue's de mure midlewan

file: 2506-11278-0028.flac
expected: peace peace thou silly little fluttering heart
	layer_2: pes pease thair cillylissteo fluttering heard
	layer_4: pece peacs their silly listle fluttering heard
	layer_6: pase peas tho silly listle fluttering heard
	layer_8: pa's pease tho silly little fluttering heart
	layer_10: pease pease thy silly little fluttering heart
	layer_12: pea se pease thy silly little fluttering heard

file: 2506-11278-0029.flac
expected: you snobs dear young ladies
	layer_2: youe snlabsty young ladies
	layer_4: yu snobste young ladies
	layer_6: you snobsdy young ladies
	layer_8: you snobsdy young ladies
	layer_10: you snobsdy young ladies
	layer_12: you snobsdy young ladies

file: 2506-11278-0030.flac
expected: i will pull any man's nose who says so
	layer_2: i will po any men's now so sesso
	layer_4: i ilpo any man's no su sas so
	layer_6: i willpaul any man's know sucess so
	layer_8: i will pau any man's kno su cess so
	layer_10: i will pu any man's knose su sas so
	layer_12: i will pur any man's knove su says so

file: 2506-11278-0031.flac
expected: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_2: there is no harm e being of a goo family
	layer_4: there is no harman being of a good family
	layer_6: there is no harmin being of a good family
	layer_8: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_10: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_12: there is no harm in being of a good family

file: 2506-11278-0032.flac
expected: you can't help it poor dears what's in a name
	layer_2: yu cone telpit poids wha'sint a mam
	layer_4: you can't ap it por i deas what's in a name
	layer_6: you can't help it fo it dears what's in he name
	layer_8: you can't help it por itdears what's in a name
	layer_10: you can't help it poor i dears what's in a name
	layer_12: you can't help it poor i dears what's in a name

file: 2506-11278-0033.flac
expected: that very confidence savours of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_2: that fery comfoidensavis of arigans af tor be arigant is to be asnoge
	layer_4: that ery confident saviis of arogancs ane to be arogant is to be a snob
	layer_6: that very confident saviours of arrogancs afd to be arrogant is to be a slob
	layer_8: that vary confident saviurs of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_10: that very confident saviours of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_12: that very confident saviours of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob

file: 2506-11278-0034.flac
expected: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts no souls humble simple and truth loving
	layer_2: bu dal their no kininates lei tend the hards hoer sas humble simbple an truws lovhing
	layer_4: but da theyr no kindy natures lo tendte heards the sauws humble simble and trew s loving
	layer_6: but ares theyr no kindly natures no tender heards thoe sau's humble symbol and trues loving
	layer_8: but are t ther ae no kindly natures no tender hearts thoe saus humble simble and truchs loving
	layer_10: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts thoug sauls humble simple and truth loving
	layer_12: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts thoug souls humble simple and truth loving

file: 2506-11278-0035.flac
expected: ponder well on this question sweet young ladies
	layer_2: punder well on this questionts wattong ladies
	layer_4: ponder well on this question swed youn ladies
	layer_6: ponder well on this question sweed young ladies
	layer_8: ponderwell on this question sweet young ladies
	layer_10: ponderwell on this question sweet young ladies
	layer_12: ponderwell on this question sweet young ladies

file: 2506-169427-0000.flac
expected: interest however still runs on in both cases the periodical or accidental payments of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair alive till at length in some evil hour pop comes the creditor upon each and by demanding principal upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their obligations
	layer_2: inters however still run zonem boshcases su pe reaticar o excedtadt a pament of it jus serveing to keep the memory of the affa relive tillat lengs in some whe ev lower pup comeste crediter upon eage and erby d amonding brinceiple up on the spot together wais full an dress to ti very day makes ame both feield the foullextent of theirve obligcations
	layer_4: interest thowever still runzon ind bothcases ta pereodica or excidant a pament of it just serving to keep the memory of the affarverelife till at length in somne eve  ower pup come te creditd or upon each and to byved amanding princeiple upon the spot together was full anddress to the very day makes theme both feiel the full extent of their roblications
	layer_6: interest however still runzon in both cates theperiodica or eccidenta payment of it just serving to keep the mumory of the affair o relife till at length insoneve l our pop comes te creditor upon each and o by demanding principle upon the spot together was full indress to the very day makes them both feiel the full extent of their oblications
	layer_8: interest however still runszon in both cases the periodica or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affairrel life till at length insom evil hour pop comest a creditor upon each and to by demanding principle upon the spot together with full intress to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their roblications
	layer_10: interest however still runs on in both cases the periodica or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affairel life till at length insome evil hour pop comes a creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their oblications
	layer_12: interest however still runs on in both cases the periodica or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affairer life till at length insome evil hour pop comes a creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their oblications

file: 2506-169427-0001.flac
expected: as the reader for i hate your ifs has a thorough knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mementos
	layer_2: as ereder for i had your wrives as a sorre knoledge of humanature i ned notayme more to setefy him sait my hear o could not go ond at this rade es oud some sligeht experiencs of seeasensidento yemantos
	layer_4: as e rader for i hade your rives as a thorregn knowledge of humanature i need not ta more to satify him said my hearo could not go on at this rade is oud some slight experience of theson tidentl me mantos
	layer_6: as te reader for i hade your rifs as a thoreg knowledge of humanature i need not sa more to satify him sat my hero could not go on at this rade without some slight experience of these on ti gentl me mantos
	layer_8: as tha reader for i hade your rives has a thorougn knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidentl mimentos
	layer_10: as a reader for i hate your rives has a thorough knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mimentos
	layer_12: as a reader for i hate your rives has a thorough knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mimentos

file: 2506-169427-0002.flac
expected: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding eugenius's frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted thro any malignancy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and a mere jocundity of humour they would all of them be cross'd out in course
	layer_2: to speeak the druth he had  watonly invohedt himself in a martitute of small book etof thistamn which not wee standing egeniousas requented fice he two much diserygarded tinking that as notd one of ten was contracted frugh any mylignacy but on the condray from an aler sty of mint and demear deoccundity of humer they woue alno then becrostoutein cos
	layer_4: to speeak the truth he had wontenly invofhed himself in a maltitute of small book ets of this stamp which not wisestanding egenious as frequentad fice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted throewgh any mylignacy but on the condry from an holmesty of mind and tamar je occoundity of humour they would allo than be crosstout in cause
	layer_6: to speak the truth he had wantenly involved himself in a multitude of small book dedts of this stamp which notwithstanding eugenious as frequented vice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted throeugh any malignacy but on the contrary from an homesty of mind and the mere dorccoundety of humour they would allof them be crossed dout in n cause
	layer_8: to speak the truth he had wantenly involved himself in a multitude of small book dets of this stamp which notwithstanding eu genious as frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and te mere docundity of humor they would all of them be crossed out in cause
	layer_10: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding a genius as frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere docudity of humor they would all of them be crossed out in cause
	layer_12: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding a genius as frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere docudity of humor they would all of them be crossed out in cause

file: 2506-169427-0003.flac
expected: eugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or other he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to the uttermost mite
	layer_2: uein is hwould nevertmidt this and to wut ofen tell him tt to on day a raar hoe would sat inly be recontwic and hei would ofen ad in an axccent of sorrow ful aprehansion th ise utter mosed bit
	layer_4: ugin his whould never  mit this and would often tell him that t one day a roser he would certainly be reckoned wis and he wuld often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehansion to the utermost biht
	layer_6: udinies would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or rother he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrow ful apprehension to ithe uttermost might
	layer_8: eugenis would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or rother he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to the uttermost might
	layer_10: eugenies would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or rother he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to the uttermost might
	layer_12: eugenies would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or rother he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to the uttermost might

file: 2506-169427-0004.flac
expected: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_2: what in clind ou genusd tis tha same l penion as as fllows
	layer_4: what inclind ugenies t s the same opinion was as follows
	layer_6: what inclined eugenius tos the same opinion was as follows
	layer_8: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_10: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_12: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows

file: 2506-169427-0005.flac
expected: yorick followed eugenius with his eyes to the door he then closed them and never opened them more
	layer_2: yourec folloge hou genus washisisd to tha doao his en closed thim and o never opee them moe
	layer_4: your ic followege ougenis was his ies to the dool his enclosed them and tonever opend them mor
	layer_6: youric followegd hugeneus was his eyes tooth the door his enclose to them and te never opened them more
	layer_8: eurwick followed eugenus was his eyes tooth the door his enclosed to them and to never opened them more
	layer_10: yeuric followed eugenius was his eyes toth the door hi then closed to them and ho never opened them more
	layer_12: yeuric followed eugenius wis his eyes toh the door hi then closed to them and ho never opened them more

file: 2506-169427-0006.flac
expected: alas poor yorick
	layer_2: alas por yourick
	layer_4: alas por youric
	layer_6: alas po yeoric
	layer_8: alas po oric
	layer_10: alas poll youric
	layer_12: alas pol ouric

file: 4570-14911-0000.flac
expected: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_2: nevertheless in eneal apparence te harier and the foux sound ofverg much a like the one ofvious distinction being that of sies
	layer_4: nevertheless in general apparante the harier and the fox hound of very much a like the one obvious distinction being that of sides
	layer_6: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the fox hound o very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of sizs
	layer_8: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_10: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_12: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size

file: 4570-14911-0001.flac
expected: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_2: if you want to hunt or hair yours on foo sixtn inches s quiete big you nough almost to big to run wit but if you are ridingn to them twenting inches as a useful hit for yven lignettnuninghers
	layer_4: if you want to hunter hariers on foot sixteeng inches is quite big yoenough almost too big to run with but if you are ridinginto them twenty inches as a useful hit or even nineteennites
	layer_6: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding into them twenty inches as a useful height or even nineteenn inches
	layer_8: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_10: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_12: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches

file: 4570-14911-0002.flac
expected: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to colour it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_2: it eisusless to lay down in e hard an fashd rual asdt colorc it is somuch a matter of individual tast
	layer_4: it is usless dto lay down in y hard and fasht rual as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_6: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_8: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_10: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_12: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste

file: 4570-14911-0003.flac
expected: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be kept and reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_2: but puppis ar usely sent out to walk and mthey sly be proocuared to be captan rerd untill theire oldenough to be entered to their work
	layer_4: but puppies are usualy sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain rerd until their old enough to be enter to their work
	layer_6: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they re old enough to be entere to their work
	layer_8: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until theyare old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_10: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_12: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work

file: 4570-14911-0004.flac
expected: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thighs
	layer_2: he is of course finer but with thee linkh of neck so purfect ind the biger holnd ittle shoulders of the same patern and the to paicol quarters and second thos
	layer_4: he is of course fliner but with the lingth of neck so perfect in the bigger holund e little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical a quarters and second thos
	layer_6: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger houlnd the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thies
	layer_8: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thighs
	layer_10: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigker hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thighs
	layer_12: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigker hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thighs

file: 4570-14911-0005.flac
expected: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle
	layer_2: and when he is fairely on a line of course stics to it as the saying is like a begl
	layer_4: and when he is fairly on a line of course e sticks to it as the saying is like a begle
	layer_6: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a begle
	layer_8: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle
	layer_10: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle
	layer_12: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle

file: 4570-14911-0006.flac
expected: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_2: it is quite possible there fore that the begle was crossed with te welsh sothern or oter hound to gept more size and power as there serntanly was a wellsh rugh couated begle of good eaghteen intes and an almost hat denicl contimparary that was called the escecx beeoe
	layer_4: it is quite possible therefore that the begl was crossed with te welsh southern or oterhound to get more sigze and power as there certainly was a welsh rough cotied begle of good eighteen inches and an almost at denical contimporary that was called the essex begle
	layer_6: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otter hound to get more sized and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost at dentical contemporary that was called the esex beagle
	layer_8: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otter hound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost it dentical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_10: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otter hound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_12: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otter hound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle

file: 4570-14911-0007.flac
expected: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier and beagle association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough hound show was reserved for them
	layer_2: that a great many of the true or were bread became very menipfcst as soonn as the harrior and begal oasosiation was form and more pertocly when a section of the petrbirl hownddshow was reserved for the
	layer_4: that a great many of the true orderor were bread became very manifest as soon as the harioer and bigal assosation was form and more partically when asection of the peter birugl howndshow was reserved for the
	layer_6: that a great many of the true order were bread became very manifest as soon as the harrier and vegal association was formed and more particuarly when a essection of the peterborugh hound show was reserved for them
	layer_8: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier anvegal association was formed and more particularly when a esection of the peterborough hound show was reserved for them
	layer_10: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier and regal association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough hound show was reserved for them
	layer_12: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier and regal association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough hound show was reserved for them

file: 4570-14911-0008.flac
expected: then they seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_2: then i seeme do springkfommeery part of the country
	layer_4: then i seemed to springk e every part of the country
	layer_6: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_8: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_10: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_12: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country

file: 4570-14911-0009.flac
expected: one hears now of the chauston the halstead place very noted indeed the hulton the leigh park the stoke place the edinburgh the surbiton the trinity foot the wooddale missus g w hilliard's missus price's and missus turner's
	layer_2: one hers now of the chostomn the housetad plas very noted inded the holton thet lea park the stoke place the et enbirk the  serbiton dhe trnito y foot the wootd day missus uduia hil iars nisis prices anf missus turnerse
	layer_4: one heres now of the chostom the housed ad place very noted indeed the hulton the lea park the stoke place the etienberk the serbaton thetrinity foot the wooddal missus uduia hill iards isuis prices and missus ternerse
	layer_6: one hears now of the choston the houset had place very noted indeed the halton the leapark the stoke place the edinburg the surbiton the trinity foot the wooddal missus juduya hillyards missus prices and missus turners
	layer_8: one heares now of the chaston the house had place very noted indeed the halton the lee park the stoke place the edinburg the surbiton the trinity foot the wooddal missus uduga hilliards missus prices and missus turners
	layer_10: one hears now of the chawston the house had place very noted indeed the halton the lee park the stoke place the edinburg the surbiton the trinityfoot the wooddale missus udua hillyards missus price's and missus turners
	layer_12: one hears now of the chawston the house had place very noted indeed the halton the lee park the stoke place the edinburg the surbiton the trinity foot the wooddale missus uua hillyards missus price's and missus turners

file: 4570-14911-0010.flac
expected: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep set nor bulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_2: is bround dark casal hor hasal not deep sat nor bulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_4: eyes brown dark azsel or hazel not deep set norabulgy and with a miled expression
	layer_6: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep sat norbulg and with a mild expression
	layer_8: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep sat norbulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_10: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep sat nor bulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_12: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep sat nor bulgy and with a mild expression

file: 4570-14911-0011.flac
expected: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_2: ears long set ong low finintextur and  hanging in a graceful fold clos to the cheak
	layer_4: earse long set on low finein texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_6: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_8: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_10: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_12: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek

file: 4570-14911-0012.flac
expected: neck moderately long slightly arched the throat showing some dewlap
	layer_2: net motertly long slily arghd the throat showing som do bat
	layer_4: neck moderatly long slily arched the throat showing som du lap
	layer_6: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some do lap
	layer_8: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some doe lap
	layer_10: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some duw lap
	layer_12: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some dew lap

file: 4570-14911-0013.flac
expected: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_2: shoulders cleean and slightly sloping
	layer_4: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_6: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_8: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_10: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_12: shoulders clean and slightly sloping

file: 4570-14911-0014.flac
expected: fore legs quite straight well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_2: for lis pitc street fwell underd the dog of good subtance and round in the bomn
	layer_4: fourligs pite street fwell under the dog of good substance and round in the bome
	layer_6: fourlegs qwuite street well under the dog of good substance and round in the bom
	layer_8: fore legs white streeght well under the dog of good substance and round in the bon
	layer_10: fore legs white streeght well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_12: fore legs white streeght well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone

file: 4570-14911-0015.flac
expected: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_2: feet round well nuckle up and stronly pattet
	layer_4: feet round well nuckled up and strongly patted
	layer_6: feet round well nuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_8: feet round well nuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_10: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_12: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded

file: 4570-14911-0016.flac
expected: coat smooth variety smooth very dense and not too fine or short
	layer_2: cot smove vridy smooth very dene and not to fine or short
	layer_4: coat smoth variety smoothe very dence and not two fine or short
	layer_6: coat smooth variety smooth very dence and not too fine or short
	layer_8: cot smooth variety smooth very dense and not too fine or short
	layer_10: coate smooth variety smooth very dense and not too fine or short
	layer_12: coate smooth variety smooth very dense and not too fine or short

file: 4570-14911-0017.flac
expected: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_2: hit not ecceeting sixten anches
	layer_4: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_6: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_8: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_10: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_12: height not exceeding sixteen inches

file: 4570-24733-0000.flac
expected: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_2: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any atributof god must always exist and be infinite or n other words are eac harnal and infinite through the said atribeu
	layer_4: all things which follow from the absolute i nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are each hearonal and infinite through thee said attribute
	layer_6: all things which follow from the absolutei nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words r ecernal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_8: all things which follow from the absolutein nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_10: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_12: all things which follow from the absolute in nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute

file: 4570-24733-0001.flac
expected: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of the said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_2: profconceeve if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denid that te something in som aterbaute of godcan follow from ty absolute nature of these sad aterbu and that at e same time it is finight and has a conditiond existance or diration for instance the idea of god expressed in the atrbeaut thought
	layer_4: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denid that t something in some atribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said atributeand that at the same time it is finight and has a conditioned existence or diration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_6: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that tsomething in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_8: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_10: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of the said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_12: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of the said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought

file: 4570-24733-0002.flac
expected: in its nature infinite
	layer_2: in its nature infinit
	layer_4: in its nature infinite
	layer_6: in its nature infinite
	layer_8: in its nature infinite
	layer_10: in its nature infinite
	layer_12: in its nature infinite

file: 4570-24733-0003.flac
expected: must necessarily exist
	layer_2: must necessarily exist
	layer_4: mst necessarily exist
	layer_6: must necessarily exist
	layer_8: must necessarily exist
	layer_10: must necessarily exist
	layer_12: must necessarily exist

file: 4570-24733-0004.flac
expected: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_2: wle have now grated therefore thought not consituting the idea of god and accortingly the idea of god dooesnot naturally follow fro mites nature inso far as it is absolutt thought four itiis conceiede as consituting and also as not cositudting the idea of god which is againstar hapothesus
	layer_4: we have now grated therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought four it i is concived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hupeothes us
	layer_6: we have now grantted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_8: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_10: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_12: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis

file: 4570-24733-0005.flac
expected: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we supposed that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom
	layer_2: an beon thelimits of the diration of the idea of god supposin the latter ate some time not to havbexisted or not to be going to exist thought wouod perforce have existed with out the idea of god which is contry to ur hapothesis for we suppos that thought being given the idea of god nhas sarly flowed their frome
	layer_4: and beon the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to hive existed or not to be going to exists thought would perforce have existed with out the idea of god which is contray to our hapothesis four we suppose that thought being given the idea of godin hes sarly flowed their frum
	layer_6: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to hive existed ore not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god n hsessarily flowed ther from
	layer_8: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed ore not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god ecessarily flowed there from
	layer_10: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom
	layer_12: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom

file: 4570-24733-0006.flac
expected: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_2: beariong min that the same proposition may be o firmed of ay thing which in any atribeaute necessarily follows from gods absolute nature
	layer_4: bearin mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_6: bearin mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_8: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_10: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_12: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature

file: 4570-24733-0007.flac
expected: corollary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things essendi rerum
	layer_2: corelary hanceit follows that god iis not only the caus of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existance that iis inscolastic hrasyalogy god is caus of the being of things as sindy rerum
	layer_4: corelary hance it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of ther continuing in existence that is ins calastic phraziology god is cause of the being of things as cindy reraa
	layer_6: corrlary hance it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in s calastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things as cindy rerama
	layer_8: corollary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is ins cholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things as sinde rerum
	layer_10: corollary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things as sindy rerum
	layer_12: corollary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things as sindy rerum

file: 4570-24733-0008.flac
expected: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_2: carelary indi vidual things are nothing but motifications of the attributs of god or modes by which the atributes of god ar expressd in y fixd anddefinate manner
	layer_4: corelary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_6: correllary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_8: corrollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_10: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_12: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner

file: 4570-56594-0000.flac
expected: such a corps such a time you never did see
	layer_2: si h u cor such a time you never did sy
	layer_4: sicho cor such a time you never didsy
	layer_6: sucha cor such a time you never did zhee
	layer_8: such a cor such a time you never did sze
	layer_10: such a corps such a time you never did sy
	layer_12: such a corps such a time you never did sy

file: 4570-56594-0001.flac
expected: i was wishing somebody would give the conversation a start when indiany made a break
	layer_2: oas wicion some body would gied the conversation es start win indthi any made a break
	layer_4: olas wisian somebody would give the conversation a start wen in viani made a break
	layer_6: ilrs wish in somebody would give the conversation a start when indiannie made a break
	layer_8: ours wishin somebody would give the conversation a start when indiannie made a break
	layer_10: our's wishin somebody would give the conversation a start when indiani made a break
	layer_12: our's wishin somebody would give the conversation a start when indiani made a break

file: 4570-56594-0002.flac
expected: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_2: this ayt no great stot country says he to the old gentleman with the cain
	layer_4: this sai't no great stok country says he to the old gentleman with the came
	layer_6: this ain't no great stok country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_8: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_10: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_12: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane

file: 4570-56594-0003.flac
expected: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_2: no sir says the old jentleman
	layer_4: no sir says the old gentlemen
	layer_6: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_8: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_10: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_12: no sir says the old gentleman

file: 4570-56594-0004.flac
expected: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_2: theres very little grazing here and the ranges pretty much wer out
	layer_4: thereis very little grazing here and the ranges pretty much were out
	layer_6: theres very little grazing here and the rang es pretty much were out
	layer_8: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_10: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_12: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out

file: 4570-56594-0005.flac
expected: the young lady smiled through her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_2: the yuong lady smil thoe r vel and the old lady snapeter ys an lokxsidways ad the speake
	layer_4: the young lady smile thou r vail and the old lady snapped er eyes and lookd sideways at the speaker
	layer_6: the young lady smile to her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_8: the young lady smiled to her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_10: the young lady smiled to her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_12: the young lady smiled to her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker

file: 4570-56594-0006.flac
expected: i'm gwine down to orleans to see if i can't git a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys what's been lickin them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_2: in wine out arlens to see if i can't get contract out of uncle sm to feed the bos wontc's been liok in them in feronal mexkon so ban
	layer_4: i'm whyne dou to arlens to see if i can't gett contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys ance been lickin them in fernal mexican so bad
	layer_6: i'm win dow to aurleans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys onc'e been licking them infernal mexicins so bad
	layer_8: i'm wined down to orleans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been licking them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_10: i'm whine down to orleans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been licking them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_12: i'm whine down to orleans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been licking them infernal mexicans so bad

file: 4570-56594-0007.flac
expected: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops
	layer_2: o'f rid some a countse of the battlesas the ol jentlemen that didn't yive a very flattering a count of the conductd o some of our troops
	layer_4: i've red some accounts of the battle says the hold gentleman thet didn't yuve a very flattring account of the conduc o some of our troops
	layer_6: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman there didn't youe a very flattering account of the conduct o some of our troops
	layer_8: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman there didn't you a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops
	layer_10: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman there didn't you a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops
	layer_12: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman there didn't you a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops

file: 4570-56594-0008.flac
expected: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twistin and groanin till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_2: the ol preachure lisonto him with evident sinds of dis plasure to histin angroan in tilhey couldnstand it no longer
	layer_4: the old preacher listen to him with evident signs of dis pleasure twisten an grown in till e couldn' stand it no longer
	layer_6: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groan ind til he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_8: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_10: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_12: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer

file: 4570-56594-0009.flac
expected: he shut his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire
	layer_2: e should his moth rat in e midal of whatyeu waths son and looke at te preacure while is fas gods red as  fire
	layer_4: he should his mauth right in the middle of what he with sayen and looked at the preacher while his face god s rd as fire
	layer_6: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got as rd as fire
	layer_8: he shoud his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and looked at the preacher while his face got aas red as fire
	layer_10: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and lookied at the preacher while his face got as red as fire
	layer_12: he shoud his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire

file: 4570-56594-0010.flac
expected: swearin says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it nohow
	layer_2: swearing says the old preature is a terible ba pract as and there in't kno use in it kno hou
	layer_4: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practs and there ain't kno use in it kno how
	layer_6: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practce and there ain't no use in it no how
	layer_8: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it no how
	layer_10: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it no how
	layer_12: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it no how

file: 4570-56594-0011.flac
expected: umphs but indiany kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_2: ots but indthe any kept shady oe appeared to be cow da
	layer_4: ots but in ti any kept shady heu appeared to be cowd down
	layer_6: otz but in diannie kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_8: ooks but indiannie kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_10: hooks but indianie kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_12: ooks but indiani kept shady he appeared to be cowed down

file: 4570-56594-0012.flac
expected: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoosier listened without ever opening his head
	layer_2: thol gentleman with the can took a pard ini the conmversation and the whosuralistent withat ever open in his had
	layer_4: the old gentleman with the kan took a pard inin the conversation and the hoos ure listened withat ever opend in his head
	layer_6: the old gentleman with the cane took a part inn the conversation and the hoosur listened without ever open in his head
	layer_8: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoozyer listened without ever opening his head
	layer_10: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoozer listened without ever opening his head
	layer_12: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoozer listened without ever opening his head

file: 4570-56594-0013.flac
expected: he was at sodom and gomorrow and seen the place whar lot's wife fell ah
	layer_2: he was at sawt a men o moro and seeng the place ware lot wife feill
	layer_4: he was at sauwht a men gamorro and seen the place war lot wife fell ah
	layer_6: he was at sout omen gamorrow and seeing the place war lots wife fill ah
	layer_8: he was at sauwht o men gamorro and seeing the place war lots wife phell ah
	layer_10: he was at sowtomen gomorro and seen the place war lots wife phell ah
	layer_12: he was at sowtomen gomorro and seen the place war lots wife phell ah

file: 4570-56594-0014.flac
expected: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and what's the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_2: ye says the preature he wit to the very spot and was tho remarkabliss thing of all he seen the pillor of sallt whatc she was turred in to
	layer_4: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkabless thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned indo
	layer_6: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkables thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_8: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and wha's the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_10: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and what's the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_12: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and what's the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into

file: 4570-56594-0015.flac
expected: yes sir he seen the salt standin thar to this day
	layer_2: yes sr hesen the sul stand in thar to thisday
	layer_4: yes sir he seen the salt standinthar to this day
	layer_6: yes sir he seen the salt standin thar to this day
	layer_8: yes sir he seen the salt standing thar to this day
	layer_10: yes sir he seen the salt standing thar to this day
	layer_12: yes sir he seen the salt standing thar to this day

file: 4570-56594-0016.flac
expected: what says the hoosier real genewine good salt
	layer_2: what says thusoure rel genawin good sot
	layer_4: what says th husour real genawine good salt
	layer_6: what says the hooser reeal genwine good salt
	layer_8: what says the hoozer real genwine good salt
	layer_10: what says the hoozer real genoine good salt
	layer_12: what says the hoozer real genoine good salt

file: 4570-56594-0017.flac
expected: yes sir a pillar of salt jest as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience
	layer_2: yes sir a pillerof salt jist is it was when that wek id omin was ponished for herdsobedits
	layer_4: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that waked woman was punished for her dias o bedits
	layer_6: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that weaked woman was punished for her des obedietes
	layer_8: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her dis obedience
	layer_10: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her dis obedience
	layer_12: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her dis obedience

file: 4570-56594-0018.flac
expected: right out in the open air he asked
	layer_2: riht out tin the open air he askdt
	layer_4: right out in the open air he asked
	layer_6: right out in the open aire he asked
	layer_8: ridt out in the open air he asked
	layer_10: ride out in the open air he asked
	layer_12: ride out in the open air he asked

file: 4570-102353-0000.flac
expected: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_2: we had thenbut little of that mynunt and acurte knowlge of the intiiore of the contin it which was reqkwas at for tetermination oftheprobl
	layer_4: we had thin but little of that mynunte and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continat which was requisit for i determination of the proble
	layer_6: we had then but little of that minut and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_8: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for determination of the problem
	layer_10: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_12: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem

file: 4570-102353-0001.flac
expected: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_2: saveral dirforet parties were therefor or ganis to examand the various routs suppose to be prac ticable with ind the nor than an southern limits of they nitd stats
	layer_4: several differet parties were therefore organise to examine the various routs supposed to be practicable with in the nor than and southern limits of teunitd states
	layer_6: several differet parties were therefore organize to examine the various routs supposed to be practicable with in the northern and southern limits of theunited states
	layer_8: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_10: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_12: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states

file: 4570-102353-0002.flac
expected: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_2: the onlhy discrimination mad was in the more propd and thorogh e quipmet of the parities for the extreme nor than lie and this was only becaus that was supposed to be thee most iveficult of excution of all the servas
	layer_4: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt an thorough equipment of the parties for the extremed northarn lime and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surves
	layer_6: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extremed northern lime and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_8: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extremed northern lime and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_10: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extremed northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_12: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extremed northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys

file: 4570-102353-0003.flac
expected: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsequently led to the use of a coarser grain for artillery
	layer_2: inquiries were made with regar to gon powtrt wech sebsquently lead to the use of a corser grain four artillery
	layer_4: inquiries were made with regard to gun power wicgh subsquently led to the use of a cour er rain for artilery
	layer_6: iinquiries were made with regard to gunpower which subsquintly led to the uth of a coarser rain for r tillery
	layer_8: inquiries were made with regard to gun powder which subsquently led to the yuth of a coarser rain for artillery
	layer_10: einquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquently led to the use of a coarser vrein for artillery
	layer_12: enquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquently led to the use of a coarser vrein for artillery

file: 4570-102353-0004.flac
expected: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_2: the officers of these ragrments werechosen partly by s the lection from those already in servise in the reg ulthetr army hanmparty by  boint nat tfrom sivial li
	layer_4: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly bys thelection from those already in survice in the regular army hamdpartly by appointnent from civil wive
	layer_6: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army anmd partly by appointment from civil wife
	layer_8: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_10: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_12: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life

file: 4570-102353-0005.flac
expected: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_2: under in structions rom the presnent thoe lst was therefore revsed and motified hein accornce with this new elemet of jeu crapfical disterbution
	layer_4: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified he in accorance with ths new element of gucrapical distribution
	layer_6: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified he in accornce with this new element of geeraphical distribution
	layer_8: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_10: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_12: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution

file: 4570-102353-0006.flac
expected: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_2: after some frther discussion of the question the vis dours with dre desatis fied with the result of the intervw
	layer_4: atersome further discussion of the question the visidors with drew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_6: atersome further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_8: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_10: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_12: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview

file: 4570-102353-0007.flac
expected: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointee to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_2: the quartramastr general onhearing of this conversation haten to in for me that it was all in thestake at the appoit y to the offiehad been confounded with his father who was a well knowne wig but that he the sn was ha demecrat
	layer_4: the quartermaster general onhearing of this conversation hastened to infor me that it was all in miestake tat the appoity to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the sun was a democrat
	layer_6: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake tat the appointy to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the sun was a democrat
	layer_8: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that het the son was a democrat
	layer_10: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake at the appointee to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_12: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake at the appoint ee to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat

file: 4570-102353-0008.flac
expected: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_2: iassured the general hat this was all together him aterial adding that it was an very pretty quarl as it stood and that i had no a desire to heffect a settlement of it oon any infuriour issyou
	layer_4: i assured the general that this was all together himaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no a desire to aeffect a settlement of it on any infurior issue
	layer_6: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no a desire to affect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_8: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no a desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_10: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_12: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue

file: 1650-157641-0000.flac
expected: the social attitude towards smoking in early victorian days and for some time later was curious
	layer_2: the soltial at t o  towr se molking  aredbig toin days and for somekime later was curius
	layer_4: the social at t you towrsmoking  areatibictorian days and fore somekime later was curius
	layer_6: the social asd ou toersmoking ou araty bictorian das and for sometime later was curious
	layer_8: the social attue toer smolking youa raty bvictorian das and for some time later was curious
	layer_10: the social attue tore smoking you ary victorian das and for some time later was curious
	layer_12: the social atitue tore smoking you ary victorian dases and for some time later was curious

file: 1650-157641-0001.flac
expected: now missus quilp he says i feel in a smoking humour and shall probably blaze away all night
	layer_2: now misses crel he u says i fein us molkng hmere and shall probly las away i'r night
	layer_4: now missus crep he sayvs i feel in thus moking humour and shall prubly pblays away i'll knight
	layer_6: now missus cri he ais says i feel yin usmoking humour and shall probably pblaze a way ill night
	layer_8: now missus creb he says i feel in a smoking humour and shall probably blaze away all night
	layer_10: now missus crieobe he says i feel in a smoking humour and shall probably blaze away all night
	layer_12: now missus creobe he says i feel in a smoking humour and shall probably blaze away all night

file: 1650-157641-0002.flac
expected: but sit where you are if you please in case i want you
	layer_2: bute cee of wheare you are if he poliace tind case o wanci
	layer_4: but te sea t wheare you are if you pliece in case ate wan ty
	layer_6: but t sead where you are if you police in case i wantd you
	layer_8: but aseed where you are if you please in case i want you
	layer_10: but seet where you are if you please in case i want you
	layer_12: but seet where you are if you please in case i want you

file: 1650-157641-0003.flac
expected: the dwarf's tastes however were catholic
	layer_2: the tborf ss cas howiever wer capolait
	layer_4: the door'stase however were capalet
	layer_6: the dorf'stasts however were capollite
	layer_8: the dwarf's tastes however were capoleet
	layer_10: the dwarf's tastes however were capilet
	layer_12: the dwarf's tastes however were capolet

file: 1650-157641-0004.flac
expected: but quilp and brass were not in society
	layer_2: buts crelpand brass we know theunsol siety
	layer_4: but crepen bress wee now thi nsaciety
	layer_6: but crip and bras were now the in society
	layer_8: but crupe and brass were now the in society
	layer_10: but crup and brass were nowthe in society
	layer_12: but crup and brass were now the in society

file: 1650-157641-0005.flac
expected: there were still plenty of active opponents and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_2: thee wa sto fleny ol fact iv opolnis and the nocers of to baccl
	layer_4: there wal stup pflentyo factive oponis and thenouncers of tobaco
	layer_6: ther wal stu flennia factive aponis and thenounsers of tobacco
	layer_8: there wall ste plenty of factive opponis and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_10: there will ste plenty of factive oppones and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_12: there will stew plenty of factive oppones and denouncers of tobacco

file: 1650-157641-0006.flac
expected: one of the most distinguished was the great duke of wellington who abominated smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among officers of the army
	layer_2: one nof the must ef thistinguistoas the grid dewco reling to who abomin enst moking andthe wastonnoit by theing creseltsegars moking amon alfhiserself the yarmy
	layer_4: one ouf the mosti tistinguister oas the grid dao ko rading ton who abaman andce moking ande was enoid by the increas elt sigars moking amon onfisersef the army
	layer_6: one of the most a distinguist was the gret deakofh redington who abomin and smoking and was tanoiet by the incras of cigarsmoking among onficersolf the army
	layer_8: one of the most distinguished was the great doc of wadlington who abomened and smoking and was dannoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among ofnficers of the army
	layer_10: one of the mosty distinguished was the great dic of waddington who abomined and smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among officers of the army
	layer_12: one of the mosty distinguished was the great dioc of waddington who abomined and smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among officers of the army

file: 1650-157641-0007.flac
expected: the ladies had a keen scent for the abominable odour of tobacco and distrusted the men who smoked
	layer_2: the ladis  hather kingsint for th abobmon teir all dworl to bacckl and that this trested the man os moge
	layer_4: the ladis atther kinsint for th abot a ave all do worl tol backol and at this trasted the man wos mokeh
	layer_6: the lad es had ther kinsant for the abalmen f all do worl tobacco and that this trested the men whosmote
	layer_8: the ladiest had their kingsant for the aboloment of all duerl tobacco and that distrusted the man whose moke
	layer_10: the ladiest had their kingsint for the aboutment of all duerl tobacco and that distrusted the man who smoked
	layer_12: the ladiest had their kinsint for the abougtment of all du werl tobacco and that distrusted the man who smoked

file: 1650-157641-0008.flac
expected: here is fitz boodle's or thackeray's comment on it what is this smoking that it should be considered a crime
	layer_2: hers bhespluthos for tacoris comont on et ca this tis smolken bhat ite shoul beconsetherder crine
	layer_4: hereis fesepludhos for thacorius comment on its wha this thismoking that it should be consider de crine
	layer_6: here is fist poudos for thack oris comment on it whatis this smoking that it should be consider e crine
	layer_8: herei is fispudos or thackeris comment on it what is this smoking that it should be considered a crine
	layer_10: here is fit pudo's or thack oris comment on it what is this smoking that it should be considered a crime
	layer_12: here is fizt pudo's or thack oris comment on it what is this smoking that it should be considered a crime

file: 1650-157641-0009.flac
expected: i believe in my heart that women are jealous of it as of a rival
	layer_2: i believe in thy heart thafthe women ha jeallus of it asuf ar wival
	layer_4: i believe ing ty heart that the women a jellus of it asuff a wival
	layer_6: i believe in my heart at ta women ajealous of it as self awival
	layer_8: i believe in my heart that the women a jealous of it as suf ar wival
	layer_10: i believe in my heart that te women are jealous of it as self a wival
	layer_12: i believe in my heart that te women are jealous of it as self a wival

file: 1650-157641-0010.flac
expected: i would lay a guinea that many a lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines lays down the book after this confession of mine that i am a smoker and says oh the vulgar wretch and passes on to something else
	layer_2: ive te lay agin ththe many lady hwas jest ben cind anoh to red the abolld lins lay ston the bouk after this con fesion of mi that i must molker and the sas oh the vago rech and e passes ouns o something ouse
	layer_4: i've he lay agine thathe manyn lady who has jest been kind enough to rad the abole lines lay ston the bok after this confession ough min that i must moker and the sas oh the baugo rech and e passes ounds of something ouse
	layer_6: i've te lay aginea that he manun lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines lay ston the bok after this confession of mine that i must mok er and the sae oh the valga wrech and t pass e sounds of something else
	layer_8: i've delay a guinea that a manun lady who has just been kind enough to read the abalved lines lay stan the buk after this confession of mine that i must mok her and  sas oh the valga wretch and pass a sounds of something else
	layer_10: i've delay a guinea that a manul lady who has just been kind enough to read the abalved lines lay stan the buk after this confession of mine that i must smoker andsas oh the vulgar wretch and pass a sound of something else
	layer_12: i've delay a guinea that a manu lady who has just been kind enough to read the abalved lines lay stan the bok after this confession of mine that i must smoker and sas oh the vulgar wretch and pass a sounds of something else

file: 1650-157641-0011.flac
expected: germany has been puffing for three score years france smokes to a man
	layer_2: jermanye hasbeen caoving for th rees gr years forens mokes to a men
	layer_4: germany has been coffing for threeskr ears fres mokes to a men
	layer_6: germany has been coughing for thre squore iyears frasmoks to a man
	layer_8: germany has been poughing for three squariyears fores moks to a man
	layer_10: germany has been poughing for three square years fhoras moks to a man
	layer_12: germany has been poughing for three square years fhoras moks to a man

file: 1650-157641-0012.flac
expected: psha look at his progress
	layer_2: saw lo cate his progus
	layer_4: cha lokekate his proges
	layer_6: sha loe at a his progress
	layer_8: sha looke ad his progress
	layer_10: psha look at his progress
	layer_12: psha lok at his progress

file: 1650-157641-0013.flac
expected: thus the odour of tobacco was not brought into the drawing room
	layer_2: thus the a dre of tobackle was not brod in to ther doingl
	layer_4: thus the alder of to bacca was not brot into their doning om
	layer_6: thus the auduer oftobacka was not brougt into their daoning loom
	layer_8: thus the audour of tobacco was not brought into their jdaning room
	layer_10: thus the aldour of tobacco was not brought into their daning room
	layer_12: thus the aldour of tobacco was not brought into their dawning room

file: 1650-157641-0014.flac
expected: the journalists and bohemians who met at the cogers were above or below the dictates of fashion and smoking was always a feature of their gatherings
	layer_2: the s dournallis and the boimens who mat ather coters were abou for telo t e did pase ol fassion and smolgin was always of feture of teir gatherins
	layer_4: thestournal lisc and the bogimeans who mat at their coders were abot for below the dicg pase o fashion and smokan was always ef feature of their gatherins
	layer_6: the sgurnallasts and the bugimens who mat ade their coajers were about or below the dicg pa sesol fashion und smokin was always she feature of the ir gatherins
	layer_8: thisjournalace and the bughimeans who met ad their coaders were about or below the dig tasesol fashion ensmoking was always te feature of ther gatherins
	layer_10: thi journalastes and the boghimeans who mat at their codiers were about or below the dig tasesal fashion en smoking was always the feature of ther gatherins
	layer_12: thi journalastes and the boghimians who mat at their coders were about or below the dig tasal fashion en smoking was always the feature of ther gatherins

file: 1650-157641-0015.flac
expected: both queen victoria and the prince consort detested it so tobacco was taboo wherever the court was
	layer_2: both queen vitolria and the pris consort e taste et so tlbackle was to buer ever the portors
	layer_4: both queen victoria and the prince comsors detastad it so tobacka was to buweirever the pourthforse
	layer_6: both queen victoria and the prince comnesort dedtast at it so tobacco was to bo hereever the pourthforse
	layer_8: both queen victoria and the prince consort detastd at it so tobacco was to bo herever the pourthorse
	layer_10: both queen victoria and the prince consort detesedad it so tobacco was ta boo wherever the portorse
	layer_12: both queen victoria and the prince consor detesed ad it so tobacco was ta boo wherever the pourthorse

file: 1650-173552-0000.flac
expected: at that very time at ten in the morning of the second of september napoleon was standing among his troops on the poklonny hill looking at the panorama spread out before him
	layer_2: at that bery time a telly in the mording of the sacenof sofbtember an the puldn was nanding among his trops un the peclonng hiel lookine o the peneramast bgrad ot before him
	layer_4: at that bvurye time a telyin the morning off the segenough subtember and thepullon was nanding among his troops on the paclonin heel lokingng at ther pene lalmos bried out before him
	layer_6: at that vurie time e teli in the morning of the segonuffh sebtember and apoleon was nanding among his troops on ther pecloning heel loking at ther penarramas brad out before him
	layer_8: at that very time atali in the morning of the segond of september d napoleon was snanding among his troops on der pecloning heel looking at their panarramas brat out before him
	layer_10: at that very time itali in the morning of the segond of september and napoleon was standing among his troops onder poclonin heel looking at the panaramas spread out before him
	layer_12: at that very time itali in the morning of the segond of september and napoleon was standing among his troops on der pocloning heel looking at the panaramas spread out before him

file: 1650-173552-0001.flac
expected: the brightness of the morning was magical
	layer_2: the brigd in his self the mornung was magical
	layer_4: the brighton esself the mornin was magical
	layer_6: the brightoness of the morning was magical
	layer_8: the brighteness of the morning was magical
	layer_10: the brightness of the mourning was magical
	layer_12: the brightness of the mourning was magical

file: 1650-173552-0002.flac
expected: but my clemency is always ready to descend upon the vanquished
	layer_2: bu the my clamasis always ready to theis sand upon a vemquished
	layer_4: but te my clamosise always ready to dhisand upon thevamquished
	layer_6: but of my clamisieus always ready to dessand upon the vamquished
	layer_8: but of my clemeses always ready to descend upon the vamquish
	layer_10: but of myclemeces always ready to descend upon the vamquished
	layer_12: but if myclemeces always ready to descend upon the vamquished

file: 1650-173552-0003.flac
expected: yet here she is lying at my feet with her golden domes and crosses scintillating and twinkling in the sunshine
	layer_2: yed her she is liy ot my feet with har goden doms af acrowsis singlelating in a twinclla in the sunsing
	layer_4: yet her she is liig otfh my feet with here goen doms atd acrowsus sinkgle lating in a twinkllen the sushign
	layer_6: yet here she is lying onf my feet with her goden domes and acrowses singlelating in the twinkllane the sunshine
	layer_8: yet here she is lying on my feet with her golden domes and a crouses singulating in tha twinkline the sunshine
	layer_10: yet here she is lying under my feet with her golden domes and acrouses singulating in a twinklin the sunshine
	layer_12: yet here she is lying under my feet with her golden domes and acrouses singulating in a twinkling the sunshine

file: 1650-173552-0004.flac
expected: but i shall spare her
	layer_2: but i shal spar her
	layer_4: but i shall spare her
	layer_6: but i shall spare her
	layer_8: but i shall spare her
	layer_10: but i shall spare her
	layer_12: but i shall spare her

file: 1650-173552-0005.flac
expected: from the height of the kremlin yes there is the kremlin yes i will give them just laws i will teach them the meaning of true civilization i will make generations of boyars remember their conqueror with love
	layer_2: from the highde out te cramily yes thearis the cremlin yes i will geve them jus the lawus ii altich them the meaning of shusof il ization iwill make genarasns of blewe ars wremember ther conqror with h lad
	layer_4: from the hihe out the cramily yes the arieust the cramilyn yes i will geve them just the laws iwill tich them the meaning of chosofvalization i will make gen arationgs of beelears remember their conqueror with lot
	layer_6: from the hide out the cramily yes the eouriest tho cramili yes i will give them just alows i will teach them the meaning of chous ofvilization i will make generatns of buiars remember their conqueror with lad
	layer_8: from the hide outhecramile yes the erist to cramiline yes i will give them just allous i will teach them the meaning of chuse ivialization i will make generations of boiars remember their conqueror with lod
	layer_10: from the hide othecrammeline yes therist de crammellin yes i will give them just allous i will teach them the meaning of cheu civilization i will make generations of boyars remember their conqueror with louwd
	layer_12: from the hide othecrameline yes te erist de crammelin yes i will give them just allous i will teach them the meaning of cheu civilization i will make generations of boiars remember their conqueror with laud

file: 1650-173552-0006.flac
expected: i will tell the deputation that i did not and do not desire war that i have waged war only against the false policy of their court that i love and respect alexander and that in moscow i will accept terms of peace worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_2: i tel tat the woitation thathi de nout and do knowt desi war that i ughd ewre only against the fouse polise y of the r cqourt thathi loa n the resbacoaisander and thalt e masticl i looc sebterm sal pease werth the of my soun in of my pupl
	layer_4: i ill tel that that bpatation that i ded noubt and do nout des i war that i hwache the war only against the tfose polacy of theiry quoaurt that ht i lave and the respacalis ander and that emasicl i look saptrm salf piece with the of myself and of my pepile
	layer_6: i will tell that thapotation that i di nout and to nout disie war that i thoweached te war only against the thouse policy off the requoaurt that a i love and the respac a lezander and that a mosicl i look saptrm sal piece worthy of myself and of my pepile
	layer_8: i will tell that th apotation that i did not and do not desie war that i thweachd the war only against the false policy of the recort that i love and the respect alexander and that a mosicle i look sabtrms apiece worthy of myself and of my peuopile
	layer_10: i will tell that the adportation that i did not and do not desire war that i treach a war only against the false policy of the report that i love and the respect aleandr and that a masicle i lok sabtrms a piece worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_12: i will tell that the adportation that i did not and do not desire war that i threach a war only against the false policy of the report that i love and the respect alexandre and that a masacale i lok sabturms al piece worthy of myself and of my people

file: 1650-173552-0007.flac
expected: i do not wish to utilize the fortunes of war to humiliate an honored monarch
	layer_2: a do not reash to atelie the fortnself war to humel at in on oard amornerc
	layer_4: atd do not resh to yoeltelie the fortunself war to himulate en onor the monarch
	layer_6: ad do not reach to yul delizes the fortune self war to humuleate and honor the monarch
	layer_8: ad do not reach to yeuliealize the fortune solf war to humuliate in honour the monarch
	layer_10: and do not reach to yeudilize the fortune self war to humiliate in honour the monarch
	layer_12: and do not reach to yedilise the fortune self war to humiliate in honour the monarch

file: 1650-173552-0008.flac
expected: he will have to be told all the same said some gentlemen of the suite but gentlemen
	layer_2: he would have to be tot o'l the saimg si some deandt menout this weit but gent mad
	layer_4: he would have to be tot all the samne sa some dente men out this wit but gentemed
	layer_6: he would have to be tod a the same say some gentlemen of this wheat but gentlemin
	layer_8: he would have to be tod all the same sy some gentleman of this wheat but gentlemen
	layer_10: he would have to be told all the same sa some gentleman of the s wheat but gentlemen
	layer_12: he would have to be told all the same sa some gentleman of the s wheat but gentlemen

file: 1650-173552-0009.flac
expected: a single report of a signaling gun followed and the troops who were already spread out on different sides of moscow moved into the city through tver kaluga and dorogomilov gates
	layer_2: a singr reportd out the sinknoling gon e fowlow and the toes whowre al radis bread out on they fren asiesuf motsco mo bin to the sithe to mer clo gt and thou gomel of gats
	layer_4: a single repored ou he sinknoling gon fowlowe and the trofs whoere alraddish bread out on they fron asizeselfmosco mo been to the csad ie twon werd clu goot and thor gomel of gates
	layer_6: a single repored out the sincnolin gonfollowed and the trouf's who were alraddish brad out on the foro t asize soufh mousco muin to the satie to wird colugut and thorgoel of gates
	layer_8: a single report out the singna inggon foulowed and the troufs who are alradish bread out on the phrnasize sulfh mousco mov into the satve to mur kolooga and targome of gates
	layer_10: a single report out the singna lingan foulo and the troos who ware alradish bread out on the phernaisie sut mousco move into the satve to vur kolooga and thargomel f gates
	layer_12: a single report out the singna lingang foulo and the trooths who are alradish bread out on the pherniseie suf mousco move into the satave to mer kolooga and thargomela of gates

file: 1650-173551-0000.flac
expected: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had brought the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only for a minute and that someone from bazdeev's widow had called to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's books as she herself was leaving for the country
	layer_2: he  smajor do mo camin e sacon time to saye at the fanch m whe the bra the leather fom the coundis was ter ansiisto see him befonly fore minuts and thas some lone from bazit teveswedo ha the cow to asd piair t o take charge up her uspbansbook as she herself esslving for the constred
	layer_4: he smajour donl mo caming e second time to say tat the fenchment wwhe the brow the latther from the countis was avery ancious to see him befonly four minutes and thas some ene from besit tdieves wedo had e cow to asked pir tod take charge of her huspandspok asked she herself aselaving for the countered
	layer_6: his majordomo caming ta second time to say that the french man who had the brow the latter from the countest was very anious to see him ef only for minutes and that someone from basetive's wedo had ta cow to ask pirre to take charge uf her husband's book ask she herself was slaving for the countr
	layer_8: his majordomo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had he browd the ladter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only for minutes and thats some one from bazzediv's wedow had a cow to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's book ask she herself was living for the countr
	layer_10: his majordomo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had brow the ladter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only for minutes and that some one from bazzedive's widow had a cow to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's book ask she herself was living for the country
	layer_12: hiss majordomo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had brow the latter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only four minutes and that some one from bazzedive's widow had a cow to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's book ask she herself was living for the country

file: 1650-173551-0001.flac
expected: there was no one in the passage
	layer_2: ther was no ly in the passit
	layer_4: there was no liind the passit
	layer_6: there was no li ne the passet
	layer_8: there was no lie in the paset
	layer_10: there was no lie in the passet
	layer_12: there was no line in the passet

file: 1650-173551-0002.flac
expected: the hall porter was standing at the front door
	layer_2: the hou piser was standing ad the frun tdoor
	layer_4: the hol poser was standing at the frun door
	layer_6: the how parser was standing at the frong door
	layer_8: the haw poser was standing at the front door
	layer_10: the hawporser was standing at the front door
	layer_12: the hawporser was standing at the front door

file: 1650-173551-0003.flac
expected: from the landing where pierre stood there was a second staircase leading to the back entrance
	layer_2: from the land the a we re per sto ther was a secon the sair case lingent o the back ansions
	layer_4: from the land te a were per stood ther was a second the sarcase ligit woih the back enchos
	layer_6: from the landnawere pier stoowd there was a secondthe sayir case linget twith he back enchese
	layer_8: from the landin awhere piere stood there was a second  saircase linot with tha back enghes
	layer_10: from the landing where pierre stood there was a second saircase linet with at back inches
	layer_12: from the landing where pierre stood there was a second saircase linet with at back inches

file: 1650-173551-0004.flac
expected: he went down that staircase and out into the yard no one had seen him
	layer_2: he woln down tha staircasteon th iu tin to the yard no wo heassee him
	layer_4: he wouldn't down thau stair caseon oltinto the yard no oe has see him
	layer_6: he wudn't down thou staire caseon out into the yard no one has see him
	layer_8: he wudnt down thou staircaseon out into the yard no one has see him
	layer_10: he wont down thou staircasean out into the yard no one hash seen him
	layer_12: he wont down thou staircasean out into the yard no one hath seen him

file: 1650-173551-0005.flac
expected: when he felt he was being looked at he behaved like an ostrich which hides its head in a bush in order not to be seen he hung his head and quickening his pace went down the street
	layer_2: whe he faale thathe he wa sopeing luwe e that hei behaved o like  alse terars which hid is hadin te botin ln deir now t o bi seen he hon his had ame quickening his pace hene down he strut
	layer_4: whe he a fail that e he was speing lute utad he behaved a likea alsteres which hide as had in a bushing onder nowto be sen he houng his head an quickenig his face when down the street
	layer_6: when  failed that he was sbeing lutle cdad he behaved a like a alsterigh which hide his had in a bouchin ulder now to be seen he hung his head an quickening his face wen down the street
	layer_8: when he failed that he was being a liuttle cdad he behaved like alsterige which hide his head in a bushin under now to be seen he hung his head and quickening his face went down the street
	layer_10: when he failetd that he was being lule cdad he behaved alike olsteridge which hire his head in a busheion ulder now to be seen he hung his head and quickening his face went down the street
	layer_12: when he failed that he was being lulecdad he behaved alike olsteridge which hire his head in ta bushen ulder now to be seen he hung his head and quickening his face went down the street

file: 1650-173551-0006.flac
expected: he hired the first cab he met and told the driver to go to the patriarch's ponds where the widow bazdeev's house was
	layer_2: he har the first a cap immad an till the ivore to go to the patriy ax pons where the we o basi deve souswas
	layer_4: he har the first a cap hi mat and tl the diverd to go to the patriax powns where the waidol basa deve sousewas
	layer_6: he hard the first a cap himet and teld the diver to go to the patriact ponds wheare the widow bas  deve souse was
	layer_8: he hard the first a cap he met and told the driver to go to the patriax pouns where the widow baz deve's house was
	layer_10: he har the first a cap he met and told the driver to go to the patriaxe pounds where the widow bathz  deve's house was
	layer_12: he har the first a cap he met and told the driver to go to the patriaxe pounds where the widow bathz f deve's house was

file: 1650-173551-0007.flac
expected: this was the authentic scotch acts with bazdeev's notes and explanations
	layer_2: bhis was the otentig sclls cxt with bathe deves nolsans sqlanations
	layer_4: this was the altenticx scols axts with fathteves nols and sclanations
	layer_6: this was thealthantic scalsh axs with pathtivfesnulse and clanations
	layer_8: this was the authantic scalish axe with path deve snus andclanations
	layer_10: this was the authantic scalch axe with paths deve nus and exclinations
	layer_12: this was the authantic scalch axe with paths deve nults and exclinations

file: 1650-173551-0008.flac
expected: he sat down at the dusty writing table and having laid the manuscripts before him opened them out closed them finally pushed them away and resting his head on his hand sank into meditation
	layer_2: he is sat i tho thustded witing tble and the havin layve the maners greybefore him open the mou clolstem e finally prose the a way and the resting his head ow his hand te sanking to madication
	layer_4: he is satt ie theh thus ded witing table and the having lay the manyust greipbefore him open the mau closthem he finally prose them away and e resting his head o his hand te sank into mandiccasion
	layer_6: he is satt aed theh thus did widing table and th having lay the manus grei before him open the meut close them ofinally proched them away and arresting his head on his hand the sandk into mandication
	layer_8: he is satt tdoaed tho thus did witing table and  having laid the manus grie before him opend the mou close them finally prosed them away and resting his head on his hand t sank into mandication
	layer_10: he sat don the thus did writing table and having laid the manuscrip before him open the mouth close them finally proosed them away and resting his head on his hand sank into mandication
	layer_12: he sat don the thus did writing table and having laid the manoscripe before him open the mouth closed them finally proosed them away and resting his had on his hand sank into mandication

file: 1650-173551-0009.flac
expected: makar alexeevich came twice that evening shuffling along in his galoshes as far as the door and stopped and looked ingratiatingly at pierre
	layer_2: mackher alaxt ovese came a twise tho the venin shoftlig alownighs clasious ad s faresh the doo and stopes an the loked ingrecia tily the pseere
	layer_4: macker alaxet ovege came atwice thather eveni shofftling alongn hisglashous afs fares the door and stops and the loked in griciatilhe at ther pir
	layer_6: macer alaxavege came  twice tather evening shuffling along his glausius ats faras the door and stopd and te loked angritiate tily at the pierr
	layer_8: maker alaksevige came twice thatha evening shuffling along his glacous as farast the door and stops and e loked ingraciateily at the pierre
	layer_10: maker alaxtrovitch came twice that tat evening shuffling along i his glaches as far as the door and stops and loked ingratiatidly at the pierre
	layer_12: maker alaxtrovitch came twice that at evening shuffling along in his glauches as far as the door and stops and eloked ingratiatidly at the pierre

file: 1650-167613-0000.flac
expected: the officers were about to take leave but prince andrew apparently reluctant to be left alone with his friend asked them to stay and have tea
	layer_2: the alpvesersal bou do taclen for the pris enue a parente relactentl belaft a lor withis frien ask a them the stay anhalfet
	layer_4: the alvisors wil bou ta takelyve for the pricsene apparente relactentle belagft alown with his frien ask   them to stay and half he
	layer_6: the olvisers wer bout to take la r the princanjue apparentaly relacd entil be lefed along with his friend ask them to stay and half the
	layer_8: the officers were abouwt to take leave fo the prince andew apparentrly relucten to be left along with his friend ask them to stay and half tea
	layer_10: the officers were bout to take leave of the prince andrew apparently reluctent to be left along with his friend asked them to stay and halve tea
	layer_12: the officers were bout to take leave of the prince andrew apparently reluctent to be left along with his friend asked them to stay and have tea

file: 1650-167613-0001.flac
expected: seats were brought in and so was the tea
	layer_2: sis wi drawdhing andha so wasprt e
	layer_4: seae werl browtying and the so was stirt he
	layer_6: seaze were browthn and the soul were sphired i
	layer_8: seazes were browthying and the soul were stired hi
	layer_10: seas were browding and the soul were stirred he
	layer_12: seas were browding and the soul were stirred he

file: 1650-167613-0002.flac
expected: the officers gazed with surprise at pierre's huge stout figure and listened to his talk of moscow and the position of our army round which he had ridden
	layer_2: the olvisirscae wis upprised of ha furs whogh stoud fiager and halisinto hes stak a lousicot and the posision ol allrarmy lone whach he had a bredon
	layer_4: the alviser scaze with surprised it a purse hoge stoutd figer and telisten to his talk op mausicot and a position al alrarmy long which he had a breaden
	layer_6: the alvicerscase with surprised at a peurse houge staled figere and elisten to his talk of  mousicoat and ta position al valberarmy long which he had a breaden
	layer_8: the alvicors cazed with surprise at a pears huge stal figure and a listened to his talk of mousicoat and a position al balbrarmi ong which he had a readen
	layer_10: the alficers cazed with surprised at a pearsed huge stout figure and listened to his talk of a mousicoa and a position olf balbara armei long which he had a breen
	layer_12: the alvicers cased with surprised at a pearsed huge stout figure and listened to his talk of a mousicoa and a position ol balbara armi among which he had a breen

file: 1650-167613-0003.flac
expected: so you understand the whole position of our troops
	layer_2: so you enther staned the whome postes an nop ouer trous
	layer_4: so you intherstand the whole posstays an ou pouver troops
	layer_6: stilw you inderstand the whole pussasti ond ou power troops
	layer_8: still you understand the whole position of over troops
	layer_10: still you understand the whole posistion of our troops
	layer_12: still you understand the whole posission of our troops

file: 1650-167613-0004.flac
expected: not being a military man i can't say i have understood it fully but i understand the general position
	layer_2: nowt being a millit reman he canne sa ap end er stothey the fo but the enther stemd the general posution
	layer_4: nou being a milla to remen the cansiy ap ender stoewthey t fowe but they entherstend the general posusion
	layer_6: now being a milatareman the can say hap enderstoe tey t forly byt they enterstamd the general posision
	layer_8: now being a military man e can say have understood it fully but they understand the general procision
	layer_10: now being a military man who can sayap understood it fully but they understand the general precision
	layer_12: now being a military man who can sayap understood it fully but they understand the general precision

file: 1650-167613-0005.flac
expected: well then you know more than anyone else be it who it may said prince andrew
	layer_2: well then you kno mr than enr i th ouse be ad hoith may sad crs anur
	layer_4: welld then you know more that any ine ouse be it hoit may said cres andeur
	layer_6: well then you know more thant any one else pe at hoit may sad christ andrel
	layer_8: well then you know more than any one else pet hoet may sad chrice andrel
	layer_10: well then you know more than any one else b t hoet may said phris andrel
	layer_12: well then you know more than anyone else b at hoet may said phris andrel

file: 1650-167613-0006.flac
expected: and tell me your opinion of barclay de tolly
	layer_2: ta tell me ure af pingourf backlayd the tolen
	layer_4: au tell me ure of pina back lade their tolen
	layer_6: tell me ur apinia back late their tolin
	layer_8: and tell me neur apenaa back lad their tollen
	layer_10: and tell me nour alpeni  back laid their tolle
	layer_12: and tell me nour alpeni  back laid their tolle

file: 1650-167613-0007.flac
expected: pierre looked at timokhin with the condescendingly interrogative smile with which everybody involuntarily addressed that officer
	layer_2: curlooke the t molchum with the comn this sendilyinsto roktive smile with was s emrbodyvoluterilyorjoicsed that alpfiscer
	layer_4: cur lok thetmalcume with the come hisendily an to ractive smile with wich aurbody  voluntyrily o joest that alficere
	layer_6: pure look thato malcume with the canvicendally into rocative smile with whish amerybody volunterily orjoised that olficer
	layer_8: pure look that makhim with the convescendally into rocative smile with which eveybody voluntarily or jese that officer
	layer_10: pure look that malck him with the condescendily into rocative smile with which everybody voluntarily or jwesst that officer
	layer_12: pure look that malc him with the condescendily into rocative smile with which everybody voluntarily or jwesst that officer

file: 1650-167613-0008.flac
expected: we see light again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency said timokhin timidly and continually turning to glance at his colonel
	layer_2: with seoulithogain sesesi s orandity has min the poins it youer acsceilencyu setin molkcintymically ind the comtinualy turning to glans at hiscuronal
	layer_4: whih she light again since hi surranity has bmen the pointe it you ar axcellency sat in malcan timically and the cometinually turning to glanced hat his collonal
	layer_6: which she aliged again since his serranity has men appointet oure axcellency satim macantimically and the comtinually eturning to glance at his colonel
	layer_8: which he alightd again since his serenity has been appoindet your excellencys set in morcantimigally and the continually eturning to glance at his colonel
	layer_10: which he alihte again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency set in mol cantimically and the continually turning to glance at his kelonel
	layer_12: which he alihet again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency set in mor antimically and the continually turning to glance at his kelonel

file: 1650-167613-0009.flac
expected: why so asked pierre
	layer_2: why so ask  te peyr
	layer_4: why so ask the per
	layer_6: why so ask the pear
	layer_8: why so ask the per
	layer_10: why so ask the per
	layer_12: why so ask the peer

file: 1650-167613-0010.flac
expected: then why was it forbidden
	layer_2: the ive was is rbeden
	layer_4: theh ye was thits porbeten
	layer_6: the why was its porbaden
	layer_8: theh why was it puobidden
	layer_10: the why was it fubiden
	layer_12: the why was it forbidden

file: 1650-167613-0011.flac
expected: at smolensk too he judged correctly that the french might outflank us as they had larger forces
	layer_2: a smll thansd to hecjus the crractilly that o ea prenche mig te out lancos as tbe had a largs hforses
	layer_4: at smal lanck too hechuse the crorrectally that ho the french mighto outlankus as the had a large forces
	layer_6: at smananskd too he hused the correctaly that of the french might out flankus as they had a large forces
	layer_8: at smolnansk too he cege the correctly that of the french might outflank us as they had a large forces
	layer_10: at smonask too he cuged correctly that the french might outflank us as they had large forces
	layer_12: at smonask too he cuged correctly that the french might outflank us as they had large forces

file: 1650-167613-0012.flac
expected: he ordered us to retreat and all our efforts and losses went for nothing
	layer_2: the olderdus to rechret and he oll our affors in a lalsis woont fore nohing
	layer_4: the oldered us to recreat and oll our affors in a lolshiss wolndfor nothing
	layer_6: he oldered us to recreat an oul our effors in allowsthes woond for nothing
	layer_8: he ordered us to retreat and oul our effors and allows this woodn for nothing
	layer_10: he ordered us to retreat and oll our efforts and allows this wooen for nothing
	layer_12: he ordered us to retreat and oll our efforts and allows this wooden for nothing

file: 1650-167613-0013.flac
expected: so it has been with barclay
	layer_2: sioly th a spen with parcly
	layer_4: silito aspin with farkly
	layer_6: sywydhe aspen with parkly
	layer_8: soly the aspin with barkley
	layer_10: solely the aspin with pharkly
	layer_12: solely the aspin with parkly

file: 1650-167613-0014.flac
expected: while russia was well a foreigner could serve her and be a splendid minister but as soon as she is in danger she needs one of her own kin
	layer_2: well rous on was well beforing er could serbe her and tae be aspland in a miniser fu tho son asthes in dangere shoinese one ouf er on cn
	layer_4: well rut an was well buforig heir could serbed her and e be a slandin amiliser fut hat soon a shes in danger sheldnews one off her ownkin
	layer_6: well rostan was well beforing her could serbe her and a be a gland in amilister but at soon as she is in danger she nese one off her own king
	layer_8: well rasian was well beforei her could surb her and a be a bland in a minister but as soon as she is in danger she nes one of her own king
	layer_10: well rassan was well before inher could surbe her and be as bland in a minister but as soon as she is in danger she needs one of her own king
	layer_12: well rassan was well before iner could surbe her and be as bland in a minister but as soon as she is in danger she needs one of her own king

file: 1650-167613-0015.flac
expected: and they say he's a skillful commander rejoined pierre
	layer_2: and the say his ascew whol comander tejoing the puer
	layer_4: and theye say his a scel follcommendor he wejoing the per
	layer_6: and they say hi s saskilful comendo he rejoined the per
	layer_8: and they say heis a skilful commander he rejoined the peer
	layer_10: and they say his a skilful commander he rejoined the peer
	layer_12: and they say his a skilful commander he rejoined the peer

file: 1650-167613-0016.flac
expected: i don't understand what is meant by a skillful commander replied prince andrew ironically
	layer_2: i don't and ther stand  whathis mens by a scewpful commander who plid the pris end u i wangeclin
	layer_4: i don't and ter stand what is mente by a scufulcommander wrhopliedthe perinced enjo irogicli
	layer_6: i don't enderstand what is meant by a scueful commander replied the princed andro irogically
	layer_8: i don't understand what is meant by a skulful commander replied th prince andrews ironically
	layer_10: i don't understand what is meant by a skulful commander replied the prince andrew ironically
	layer_12: i don't understand what is meant by a skilful commander replied the prince andrew ironically

file: 1650-167613-0017.flac
expected: a skillful commander replied pierre
	layer_2: u scie foul commander replyied opyer
	layer_4: e scuelofulcommander replyd upear
	layer_6: ta sclefull commander replied te peare
	layer_8: a sklful commander replied the per
	layer_10: a skilful commander replied the peer
	layer_12: a skilful commander replied the peer

file: 1650-167613-0018.flac
expected: pierre looked at him in surprise
	layer_2: sure  lo ea the hmios of prie
	layer_4: pure a loke at the hamious of price
	layer_6: pureat look are the hamieus of frice
	layer_8: pure loke are the hemius of price
	layer_10: pure locke are the hemius of frist
	layer_12: pure lok are the hemius of frists

file: 1650-167613-0019.flac
expected: and yet they say that war is like a game of chess he remarked
	layer_2: and the yeds the savethot the wars like a game of ches heremard
	layer_4: and the yets theyr sayve that the woris like a game off chast he remarked
	layer_6: and the yet they saye that the warst like a game off chais he remarked
	layer_8: and h yet they say that the worist like a game off ches he remarked
	layer_10: and the yet they say that the whor is like a game of chess he remarked
	layer_12: and the yet they say that the wor is like a game of chesse he remarked

file: 1650-167613-0020.flac
expected: the relative strength of bodies of troops can never be known to anyone
	layer_2: the rallotirestresnsh of pothes of tub connever beknowns wor anyr one
	layer_4: the ralotive sdresnts of bodies of tope cannever beknowns for annyor one
	layer_6: the relative drents of thudies of top can never be known tfor anyr one
	layer_8: the relative strength of bodies of troop can never be known tor anyone
	layer_10: the relative strength of bhodies of troop can never be known to anyone
	layer_12: the relative strength of bodies of troop can never be known to anyone

file: 1650-167613-0021.flac
expected: success never depends and never will depend on position or equipment or even on numbers and least of all on position but on what then
	layer_2: sucxces memver de pands and neea will decan i'n possision wer quevemen woer oveno members and a leastof awl on position bout oun what than
	layer_4: success memver depens a neverl will de en on posision were equevement wer even o nembers and aleast off all on position but in what then
	layer_6: success never depens and neveral will depend on position were equiavement were even  nemburs and a least off all on position but on what then
	layer_8: success never depends and never will depend on position where equiavement wore even on nemburs and at least of all on position but on what then
	layer_10: success never depends and never will depend on position er equivement or even on memburs and at least of all on position but on what then
	layer_12: success never depends and never will depend on position wher equivement or even on memburs and at least of all on position but on what then

file: 1650-167613-0022.flac
expected: on the feeling that is in me and in him he pointed to timokhin and in each soldier
	layer_2: o'n the firling that es in m and  hm hepointedt tok domaluking and  issouzier
	layer_4: on the filling that is in me and e hin he pointed took hi malkcing and  is solzier
	layer_6: on te filing that is in me and e hin he pointed took te malking and he is sodier
	layer_8: unde failing that is in me and e hin he pointed took to malking and e is soder
	layer_10: underfailing that is in me and e hin he pointed to to malking and e is soder
	layer_12: iunderfailing that is in me and e hin he pointed to to malking and e is sodier

file: 1650-167613-0023.flac
expected: a battle is won by those who firmly resolve to win it
	layer_2: the bado s one by thosewhe furimbly resouve tof winants
	layer_4: the badto is one by those whol firmly resouned o wnats
	layer_6: tebato is wone by those who firmly resolmved o wined
	layer_8: te bato is won by those who firmly resolve winn id
	layer_10: thabattho is won by those who firmly resolved wien it
	layer_12: tabattho is won by those who firmly resolved win it

file: 1650-167613-0024.flac
expected: why did we lose the battle at austerlitz
	layer_2: why then wiloes the bator and he ousebol ers
	layer_4: why ther wildos the bator and tha ousebolles
	layer_6: why the windows the pattler and the ouse bulness
	layer_8: why the windows the battler andthe ace bulness
	layer_10: why the windows the battle and the alce bulnes
	layer_12: why the windows the battler and the alce bulness

file: 1650-167613-0025.flac
expected: we've lost so let us run and we ran
	layer_2: wif lols hit sio lightust on andthe we on
	layer_4: wetf lous  sol light us wone andwe one
	layer_6: wevf loused it so light us on and we won
	layer_8: weve loused t so light us on and we won
	layer_10: we' loust it so legt us won and we won
	layer_12: we'f loust it so leight us won and we won

file: 1650-167613-0026.flac
expected: but tomorrow we shan't say it
	layer_2: bu to morraow wre shno saad
	layer_4: but to morro wer chin said
	layer_6: but to morrow were shin sayid
	layer_8: but to morrow where shin sayt
	layer_10: but to morrow where shin say t
	layer_12: but to morrow where shin say it

file: 1650-167613-0027.flac
expected: but what awaits us tomorrow
	layer_2: but a what a wai has to maorral
	layer_4: but a what awaigt has tomorl
	layer_6: but a what a waigt has to moro
	layer_8: but a what a weight has to morrow
	layer_10: but a wat a weight has to morrow
	layer_12: but a what a weight has to morrow

file: 1650-167613-0028.flac
expected: the fact is that those men with whom you have ridden round the position not only do not help matters but hinder
	layer_2: the factase that a those man thut with whome you have riton wre ongd the posision not only tdo know helth mathters bu the hinder
	layer_4: the factis that a those man tut with whome you have friaden woe round the posision not only to now healph matters but the hinder
	layer_6: the factist that a those man with whom you have frethene arond the position not only to nol help matters but ha hinder
	layer_8: the fact is that on those men with whom you have freaddhened round ta position not only to nolw help matters but the hinder
	layer_10: the fact is that in those men with whom you have treddened round tha position not only to now help matters but tha hinder
	layer_12: the fact is that in those men with whom you have tridadened around that position not only to now help matters but ta hinder

file: 1650-167613-0029.flac
expected: that's the truth the real truth said timokhin
	layer_2: thase the truofh the real sruf sad to molkn
	layer_4: thas the truth the real truth said to malcan
	layer_6: vhas the truth the real trut said to milkin
	layer_8: thats the truth the real truth said to milkin
	layer_10: tha' the truth the real truth said to malkin
	layer_12: tha's the truth the real truth said to malkin

file: 1650-167613-0030.flac
expected: it's not the day for that they say
	layer_2: is now te dey for thit the say
	layer_4: it's now the day for that the say
	layer_6: it's now the day for that they say
	layer_8: it's now the day for that they say
	layer_10: it's now the day for that they say
	layer_12: it's now the day for that they say

file: 1650-167613-0031.flac
expected: all were silent the officers rose
	layer_2: ol were salent the olpiserstrols
	layer_4: ol were sellend the alpicer sros
	layer_6: ah were sellend the olficer sros
	layer_8: awl were sellend the olfficer srose
	layer_10: aw were sellend the officer shrose
	layer_12: aw were sellined the officer shrose

file: 1650-167613-0032.flac
expected: yes yes answered prince andrew absently
	layer_2: thesus anser the prinse end or absomply
	layer_4: hees yes answere the prince ende or absenpfuly
	layer_6: yes yes answer the prince enge or absen phlly
	layer_8: yes yes answer the prince engeor absently
	layer_10: yes yes answer the prince engur absently
	layer_12: yes yes answer the prince engur absently

file: 1650-167613-0033.flac
expected: the french have destroyed my home and are on their way to destroy moscow they have outraged and are outraging me every moment they are my enemies
	layer_2: the franciustis stoie my hole and o oln le woid of tistoy mosicl they havp allth reist and oure all t risonle everymoments the armoy anamins
	layer_4: the french as tisthoyed my home and or only wadl destroy mosicle they haf out reast and our out risongly every moment the arma animins
	layer_6: the franch has destroyed my home and ar only waidol destroy marticl they have outreist and our outreasongly every moment teerma animis
	layer_8: the french has destroyed my home and are only wa to destroy masicl they have outreiste and are outrisngly every moment diermau enemies
	layer_10: the french has destroyed my home and are only way to destroy masaco they have outreished and are outrisongly every moment dir my enemies
	layer_12: the french has destroyed my home and are only way to destroy masaco they have outreished and are out risongly every moment dire my enemies

file: 1650-167613-0034.flac
expected: in my opinion they are all criminals
	layer_2: e myeltingiber oal criminals
	layer_4: in y etinyabr owl criminals
	layer_6: in my alpinia ber owl criminals
	layer_8: in my alpenia ber awl criminals
	layer_10: in my alfinia beer owl criminals
	layer_12: in my alfinia beer owl criminals

file: 1650-167613-0035.flac
expected: and so thinks timokhin and the whole army
	layer_2: and so  thinks tomalgy and the whol armiyn
	layer_4: and so  thinks timalci and the whole army
	layer_6: and so thinks to malky and the whole army
	layer_8: and so thinks to malchy and the whole army
	layer_10: and so thinks to malrkhy and the whole army
	layer_12: and so thinks to malchy and the whole army

file: 1650-167613-0036.flac
expected: since they are my foes they cannot be my friends whatever may have been said at tilsit
	layer_2: see the are my fose they ca nol be my frins welthevever may hae b  sad ad t a tusit
	layer_4: suse the are my folse they can not been my friends whatever may ha be sad at a telsit
	layer_6: suse the are my fos they cannolt be my friends whatever may have beou sad at a tialset
	layer_8: sus theye are my fos they cannot be my friends whatever may have bou said at a tiset
	layer_10: sus theye are my foes they cannot be my friends whatever may have bou said at a tiset
	layer_12: suz there are my fols they cannot be my friends whatever may have bou said at a tilset

file: 1650-167613-0037.flac
expected: yes yes muttered pierre looking with shining eyes at prince andrew
	layer_2: yess motherd per locin with shining eyes at tha prns anu
	layer_4: yesyis materedhe per lokin with shning eye sat the prece andou
	layer_6: yes yus mattered per loc im with shining eyes ata prince andyu
	layer_8: yes yes muttered piere locim with shining eyes at a prince andu
	layer_10: yes yes muttered pierre locum with shining eyes at a prince anuew
	layer_12: yes yes muttered pierre locum with shining eyes at a prince anuw

file: 1650-167613-0038.flac
expected: they talk to us of the rules of war of chivalry of flags of truce of mercy to the unfortunate and so on it's all rubbish
	layer_2: the talctoourst of erose of ar of ivery ou flak of toust o mercy to the unfortine the in esiar long te fol rabersh
	layer_4: the tawlk to ous of a ruse of ar of sivery ou flacs of tutse of mercy to the unfortinade ana so long i ou rabbish
	layer_6: the tawk to uus of erus of war of civori o flaxs of tuth of mercy to the unfortinat and so long its oul robbish
	layer_8: the towk to us of arust of war of civary of flex of truth of mercy to the unfortunade and so long if oul robbins
	layer_10: the tauk to us of rust of war of civaelry of flax of truth of mercy to the unfortunate and so long if ol robbin
	layer_12: the talk to us of rust of war of civelri of flax of truth of mercy to the unfortunate and so long if oul robbin

file: 1650-167613-0039.flac
expected: they plunder other people's houses issue false paper money and worst of all they kill my children and my father and then talk of rules of war and magnanimity to foes
	layer_2: the plander ofther levols houlses euso fous plavrun and a arstuf fow the kil my chouden an the my father and dan towlk of ruoseelf ar and mag nimite  to fols
	layer_4: the plander of ther pepo's haulses eu su fels plaver money and a warstal ou they kill my chidiren an the my father and ten towlk off ruself r and magnimitease to fols
	layer_6: they plander of ther pepl's houses eusu fals plaver mony and a warst ol oue they killed my children anden my father and tan talk off ruself war and magnimitease to fos
	layer_8: the plander of ther people's houses isu fasclaver money and a worst o ow they killed my children and my father and dane talck off rues olf war and magnimites to foks
	layer_10: they plander of the people's houses ushu fals plavermoney and a worst o aw they killed my children and my father and dane thalkoff rue self war and magnimities to folks
	layer_12: they plander of the people's houses ushu falsplavermoney and a worst o ow they killed my children and my father and dane thalkoff rure self war and magnimities to folks

file: 1650-167613-0040.flac
expected: take no prisoners but kill and be killed
	layer_2: tak no priiconers by the kele and becoe
	layer_4: take no prisoners by the kil and becold
	layer_6: take no prisoners by the kil and be killed
	layer_8: take no prisoners by the keel and be killed
	layer_10: take no prisoners but the keel and be killed
	layer_12: take no prisoners but the keel and be killed

file: 1650-167613-0041.flac
expected: prince andrew who had thought it was all the same to him whether or not moscow was taken as smolensk had been was suddenly checked in his speech by an unexpected cramp in his throat
	layer_2: pfrise endre who have falterd wasall the same to him whether wee nowth mosicgo was tagen as mowtans chadebeen ol so the wayd chactng his spice bya an spackted tde crambius thrgot
	layer_4: prince enjrew who have fauted o was awl the same to him whether well now e mansica was taken as moulance cad bein woll southe way a chackdting his speich by a and spack ted crambyhs throt
	layer_6: prince endrew who have fallied  was ou the same to him whether wa now e mousico was taken as moulincs cha bein wil sudderwly a checkediing his spich by  anspacted crambis throed
	layer_8: prince andrew who have falultiet was out the same to him whether wa now t mousacoe was taken as mauelancs had been was suddenly checkeding his speech by an anxpected crambys throapt
	layer_10: prince andrew who have falld ed was all the same to him whether or no t mousicoe was taken as maulin's had been or suddenly checked in his speech by an enspected crambe's throat
	layer_12: prince andrew who have faulded was all the same to him whether or now the mousicoe was taken as maulins had been or suddenly checked in his speech by an enspected crambey's throat

file: 1650-167613-0042.flac
expected: he paced up and down a few times in silence but his eyes glittered feverishly and his lips quivered as he began speaking
	layer_2: heu pased op and down of fiyou itime sin silens bu the his eyes gletor fhierisly and the hisleves quebrd as ha bedains biking
	layer_4: he pased up and don a fewth ime sin silence buthe his eyes gleter fiveruischly and the his lefs queebered ask to began speaking
	layer_6: he paced up and down a fewo time sin silence but t his eyes gleater fivorishly and the his leafs queebered asd to began speaking
	layer_8: he paced up and down a few times sin silence but t his eyes gleater fevorishly and the hiss leefs queevered as te began speaking
	layer_10: he paced up and down a few times in silence but the hiss eyes glittered fevorishly and the hiss leafs quevered as they began speaking
	layer_12: he paced up and down a few times in silence but the hiss eyes glittere fevorishly and the hissd leafes quevered as they begin speaking

file: 1650-167613-0043.flac
expected: and when there was a war like this one it would be war
	layer_2: and the one there was a or  like this one i be ror
	layer_4: and the one there was a ore like this one ito be a wor
	layer_6: and the ine there was the roare like this one it be aror
	layer_8: and the one there was the roar like this one itoul be a war
	layer_10: and the one there was a roar like this one it would be a rar
	layer_12: and the one there was a roar like this one it would be a roar

file: 1650-167613-0044.flac
expected: what is needed for success in warfare
	layer_2: wha this neaded the four succised n rere fair
	layer_4: what this neted the foure succise in warafare
	layer_6: wha this neided bhe four succising warffair
	layer_8: wha this needed te foure succising war fare
	layer_10: what this needed ta fore succising warfare
	layer_12: what this needed tha fore succising warfare

file: 1650-167613-0045.flac
expected: and in spite of all this it is the highest class respected by everyone
	layer_2: an us sbyit ouf olul tis it is the highes the class respeckted the ba every one
	layer_4: unusepite ourf all this it is the high est the closs respacted the by everyone
	layer_6: ane use spite alf awl this it is the highest the class respected to by everyone
	layer_8: ane you spite off awl this it is the highest the class respected to buy everyone
	layer_10: anne you spyte off fow this it is the highest the class respected to buy everyone
	layer_12: anne you spyte alf fow this it is the highest the class respected to buy everyone

file: 1650-167613-0046.flac
expected: how does god above look at them and hear them
	layer_2: hol do scod a bovd lok a thenm and  hear en
	layer_4: ho d ha scot above lok at them anda hear  den
	layer_6: hodo sgut about lok at them and heare then
	layer_8: hoto scut above lok at them and hear  them
	layer_10: hodo scut abobe look at them and hear them
	layer_12: hodo scut abobe lok at them and hear a them

file: 1650-167613-0047.flac
expected: i see that i have begun to understand too much
	layer_2: i seeved that i have pegan tho ontheir stand tomt
	layer_4: i seed that i hape began to ender stand to much
	layer_6: i see that i have began to enderstand tomuch
	layer_8: i see that i have began to understand too much
	layer_10: i see that i have began to understand too much
	layer_12: i see that i have begin to understand too much

file: 1650-167613-0048.flac
expected: and it doesn't do for man to taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evil ah well it's not for long he added
	layer_2: and the tosen doofor men of caset of the tree of knowlee ar coodt in heble ah whe ithis now forlong he addit
	layer_4: and they doezen toorl for ment of cased of the tree of knowledge ore cood hin eble ah well i hisnow four long he added
	layer_6: and ta doesen' tool for men hove cased of the tree of knowledge or good and ble ah well it is nowth foralong he added
	layer_8: and a doesn't tool for men have case of the tree of knowledge of good and eble ah well it is now forelong he added
	layer_10: and a dozen tool for men have cased of the tree of knowledge of good and evile ah well it is now forelong he added
	layer_12: and a dozen tool for men have casted of the tree of knowledge of good and ebile ah well it is now forelong he added

file: 1650-167613-0049.flac
expected: however you're sleepy and it's time for me to sleep
	layer_2: hoever yourslllpe and this time flr medostlyp
	layer_4: however yeurest lepy and this time for me juslep
	layer_6: however eurst lapy and this time for mejisleep
	layer_8: however yeur sleefy and this time for me josleep
	layer_10: however yeur slepe and this time for me jo sleep
	layer_12: however yeur sleepe and this time for me jo sleep

file: 1650-167613-0050.flac
expected: go back to gorki said prince andrew suddenly
	layer_2: go back to gortu saidthe prhis andr a suthiler
	layer_4: go back to gorkye said the price hendrof sutdenla
	layer_6: go back to gork yo said the prinst andreo suddenle
	layer_8: go back to gorkyu said the prince andro suddenly
	layer_10: go back to gorkeu saidt prince androw suddenly
	layer_12: go back to gorke said prince androw suddenly

file: 1650-167613-0051.flac
expected: go go before a battle one must have one's sleep out repeated prince andrew
	layer_2: go gold before bade one must ef wone solepowtf reptd princ enje
	layer_4: go goled before badoe one must af  one solipowt wripid princed anje
	layer_6: go gold before a battle one must hae one soleipolth repid princed ganje
	layer_8: go gold before battle one must hae one sleepith repigd prince andewl
	layer_10: goa goald before battle one must have one's sleepit repied prince andrew
	layer_12: goa goald before battle one must have one's sleephith repied prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0052.flac
expected: no he does not want it pierre concluded
	layer_2: no he thus mot wanse psur conecdid
	layer_4: no he des mout wante psure come coded
	layer_6: no he dost mouth want hid pure concoded
	layer_8: no he does nouth want im pure concloded
	layer_10: no he does mouth want im purre concluded
	layer_12: no he does mouth want im purre concluded

file: 1650-167613-0053.flac
expected: and i know that this is our last meeting
	layer_2: and i now thot the thisis  oure were last temeton
	layer_4: and i know thather this thists oure re last the meting
	layer_6: and i know thater this is ou re last te meeting
	layer_8: and i know that this is tou were last a meeting
	layer_10: and i know that this is ou erelast a meeting
	layer_12: and i know that this is ou werelast a meeting

file: 1650-167613-0054.flac
expected: one picture succeeded another in his imagination
	layer_2: one pictheursleccetid a mother se magination
	layer_4: one pik erselexited an other essted magination
	layer_6: one pictur sluck ceeted another ist magination
	layer_8: one picture slec ceeted another is oi imagination
	layer_10: one picture succeeded another is to imagination
	layer_12: one picture succeeded another is to imagination

file: 1650-167613-0055.flac
expected: on one of them he dwelt long and joyfully
	layer_2: i one o them e heiad dwels long and ae srfulrd
	layer_4: i one o them hihd dwelse along and a shurful id
	layer_6: i one off them hit dwelt along and a sureful it
	layer_8: i won of them he  dwelt along and a sore fulit
	layer_10: i won of them he dwelt long and a sure forlit
	layer_12: i won of them he dwelts long and a sure follit

file: 6123-59150-0000.flac
expected: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy or fall in epileptic fits or rave hysterically
	layer_2: his caraet is get jron cl go mad wit jellisy eforlinepolectic fits allrave his stiricaly
	layer_4: his charactes get dron ill go made with jealusy er fallinipolectic fits all rave histirically
	layer_6: his characters get dronk will go mad with jealousy irl fall en ipolectic fitzs all rave hystirically
	layer_8: his characters get drunk oill go mad with jealousy irl fall in epolectic fits oll wave hysterically
	layer_10: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy or fall in epileptic fits ol rave hysterically
	layer_12: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy or fall in epoleptic fits ol rave hysterically

file: 6123-59150-0001.flac
expected: if dostoevsky had had less vision he would have been strindberg
	layer_2: if tosar sky had had less vision he woul hae beenstriner
	layer_4: if torser ski had had less vision he would hae been strinver
	layer_6: if dorseski had had less vision he would have been stringvurb
	layer_8: if darsyski had had less vision he would have been strynberg
	layer_10: if dorsseski had had less vision he would have been strinberg
	layer_12: if dosseski had had less vision he would have been strinberg

file: 6123-59150-0002.flac
expected: like them he is a novelist of torture
	layer_2: lick them he is n oflasto tortur
	layer_4: licke them he is anovlist of tortue
	layer_6: like them he is inevalist of torture
	layer_8: like them he is inevalist of torture
	layer_10: like them he is a novalist of torture
	layer_12: like them he is a novalist of torture

file: 6123-59150-0003.flac
expected: certainly the lust of cruelty the lust of destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in dostoevsky's men and women
	layer_2: sertim wit the last of cruelty elost od is struction vitdistruction sake is the most conspeacuous of the deadly seens and dustrskis man an women
	layer_4: certain with the last of cruelty he last te destruction vitestructi ans sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins an dostes is men and women
	layer_6: certain with the last of cruelty ha lost a destruction fir destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadley sins and dost askis men and women
	layer_8: certain with the lust of cruelty hat lost a destruction ofoe destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in dosaskis men and women
	layer_10: certain with the lust of cruelty that lost a destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in dosayeskis men and women
	layer_12: certainlyth the lust of cruelty hat losts a destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in dosayeskis men and women

file: 6123-59150-0004.flac
expected: he may not be a cruel author
	layer_2: yhe may not theey a crel alser
	layer_4: he may not the a cruel also
	layer_6: he may not bhee a cruel also
	layer_8: he may not be a cruel also
	layer_10: he may not be a cruel also
	layer_12: he may not be a cruel also

file: 6123-59150-0005.flac
expected: but they are never in balance they are always in demoniacal conflict
	layer_2: but they anever in beallance theyaealwasn din and icar qonflis
	layer_4: but they an never in belance they arealways in dim an ichal quontflegs
	layer_6: but they are never in belance they are always in dimon ichal conflects
	layer_8: but they are never in balance they are always in dimonichal conflicts
	layer_10: but they are never in balance they are always in dimonical conflicts
	layer_12: but they are never in balance they are always in dimonical conflicts

file: 6123-59150-0006.flac
expected: even the lust is never or hardly ever the lust of a more or less sane man
	layer_2: ven the lost is neverl hardlyever the lost of ta more a les san man
	layer_4: even the lost is never o hadlieve the lost of a more arless saine man
	layer_6: even the lost is never o hadlevo the lost of a mor or less saine man
	layer_8: even the lost is never o hardlievi the lost of a more or less sane man
	layer_10: even the lost is never o hardli eve the lost of a more or less sane man
	layer_12: even the lost is never o hardli eve the lost of a more or less sane man

file: 6123-59150-0007.flac
expected: dostoevsky could not have described the sin of nekhludov in resurrection
	layer_2: thusair skhe could not have thescribd the sen ef nectatolf in resirraction
	layer_4: dousasky could not have describe the sin of nechladiv in reserection
	layer_6: doseeski could not have described the sin of nekladove in redirection
	layer_8: duseski could not have described the sin of nekhludof in resurection
	layer_10: daseski could not have described the sin of nekhludoff in resurrection
	layer_12: dasseyski could not have described the scin of nekhludoff in resurrection

file: 6123-59150-0008.flac
expected: this is a madhouse cries some one in the idiot
	layer_2: this is a madhouse crissom oneintheeatis
	layer_4: this is a madhouse crised som one intheitius
	layer_6: this is a mad house cris some one in theitius
	layer_8: this is a madhouse cries some one in the iteas
	layer_10: this is a madhouse cries someone in the itias
	layer_12: this is a madhouse cries some one in the itias

file: 6123-59150-0009.flac
expected: one result of this is a multiplicity of action
	layer_2: when resoult of this is an mo te plicity af action
	layer_4: one result of this is a mougto plicity of action
	layer_6: one result of this is amaultiplicity of action
	layer_8: one result of this is a multiplicity of action
	layer_10: one result of this is a multiplicity of action
	layer_12: one result of this is a multiplicity of action

file: 6123-59150-0010.flac
expected: even the talk is of actions more than of ideas
	layer_2: iven e tak is ol vactioncs molre tan o wy deas
	layer_4: even a talk his ov actions more than o vydeas
	layer_6: even a talk his olve actions more than o ideas
	layer_8: even a talk his ove actions more than o ideas
	layer_10: even a talk his od actions more than o ideas
	layer_12: even a talk his ode actions more than ov ideas

file: 6123-59150-0011.flac
expected: he sows violent deeds not with the hand but with the sack
	layer_2: he saw hs villan dads not with the hand but with the sack
	layer_4: he sow his violent deads not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_6: he saw his violent dedes not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_8: he saw his violent dades not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_10: he saw his violent dades not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_12: he saw his violent dades not with the hand but with the suck

file: 6123-59150-0012.flac
expected: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bead chain which he seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_2: but one had notisduring this lost to days that the othr was warin the silvl watch any yellow ba chaine which i seems not to have see on uan before
	layer_4: but one had notice during this last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch una yellwr bad chain which is seems not to have seen on hum before
	layer_6: but one had noticed during thos last wo days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bead chain which hit seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_8: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bead chain which it seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_10: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bead chain which i seemed not to have seen on him before
	layer_12: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bead chain which e seemd not to have seen on him before

file: 6123-59150-0013.flac
expected: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake
	layer_2: he took a nih and when hi's friend tod ternd away he apprsed im coutiously from behuind tookame trned his eyes heaven woods crossd himself and praying fevently god fogivenefor cras sake
	layer_4: he took e nife and when his friend hat turned away he approsed him cautiously from behind took ame turned his eyes heaven woads crossed himself and praying fervantly god forgive me for crisst sake
	layer_6: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approched him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ sake
	layer_8: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took am turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake
	layer_10: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake
	layer_12: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake

file: 6123-59150-0014.flac
expected: he never paints everyman he always projects dostoevsky or a nightmare of dostoevsky
	layer_2: e never paints everymen heaways projet s tostoaveskhy or a not mareo dosto have sky
	layer_4: hoe never paints every man he always projects tosto heavf ski or a not marrie dos to heaveski
	layer_6: he never paints every man he always projectsd os thevski or a nigt mariof dos tohevsky
	layer_8: he never paints every man he always projects dostaevski or a knight mar of dostehevski
	layer_10: he never paints every man he always projects dostaevski or a nightmare ofdostahevski
	layer_12: he never paints every man he always projects dostahevski or a knightmare of dostehevski

file: 6123-59150-0015.flac
expected: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than anna karenina or fathers and sons
	layer_2: that is wi crim in pnistiment belongs to a lowerrangeiffiction than anecarrenina o fathers an sons
	layer_4: that is wye crime an punishment belongs to a lower range offiction than anicarenina or father's and suns
	layer_6: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than annecarenina or fathers and sons
	layer_8: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than annecerenina or fathers and sons
	layer_10: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than anna carenina or fathers and sons
	layer_12: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than anna karenona or fathers and sons

file: 6123-59150-0016.flac
expected: we sympathize indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_2: we sim pethis in dad with the fears the brevido that daspair that suc ceeved the crim
	layer_4: we simpathise indeed with the fears the bravido tha despar that succeevd the crime
	layer_6: we sympathis indeeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeeded the crime
	layer_8: we sympathise indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeede the crime
	layer_10: we sympathise indeed with the fears the brevado the despair that succeede the crime
	layer_12: we sympathise indeed with the fears the brivado the despair that succeeded the crime

file: 6123-59150-0017.flac
expected: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_2: he is a grotuesqk made alive by shermaginitiveveen tensity in passion
	layer_4: he is a greotesqe made alive by she rimaginative in tensity an passion
	layer_6: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer r imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_8: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_10: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_12: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion

file: 6123-59150-0018.flac
expected: one does not grudge an artist an abnormal character or two
	layer_2: won does not gridgeenat acs ten avenomle carctyer  to
	layer_4: one does not grad an artice in avenormale caractyer to
	layer_6: one does not grageonartis in abnormal character or two
	layer_8: one does not grudg an artis in abnormal character or two
	layer_10: one does not grage an artis in abnormal character or two
	layer_12: one does not grage an artis in abnormal character or two

file: 6123-59150-0019.flac
expected: he invents vicious grotesques as dickens invents comic grotesques
	layer_2: he envente visious greates a s dickens adventce coit gritists
	layer_4: he invente vicious greates has dickens advente comit gratests
	layer_6: he invence vicious grates as dickons advence commit greatests
	layer_8: he invents vicious grotes as dickons advence comec gratests
	layer_10: he invents vicious grotesqus as dickens idvence comec gratests
	layer_12: he invents vicious grotesques as dickens ivence comic gratests

file: 6123-59150-0020.flac
expected: was very fond of hanging cats and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_2: was very foned of haning cats and buring them with great cermony
	layer_4: was very forned of hanging cats and bearing them with great ceremany
	layer_6: was very formned of hanging cats and baring them with great ceremony
	layer_8: was very formed of hanging cats and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_10: was very foned of hanging cats and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_12: was very fond of hanging cats and burying them with great ceremony

file: 6123-59150-0021.flac
expected: as for the karamazovs themselves he portrays the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs
	layer_2: as for the caramas oves themselves he partrase the old father in the olderst of his sons hatyn ach other and fighting like brto manyiex
	layer_4: as for the caramisoves themselves he petraise the old father ind the olderst of his sons hatyn each other and fighting like breutlmanyax
	layer_6: as for the karamas olve themselves he betraes the old father and the oldest of his sons hahting each other and fighting like brutalmaniac
	layer_8: as for the karamasofs themselves he betrayes the old father and the oldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutalmaniacs
	layer_10: as for the karamazoves themselves he betrays the old father and the oldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs
	layer_12: as for the karamazoves themselves he betrays the old father and the oldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs

file: 6123-59150-0022.flac
expected: serve him right shouted dmitri breathlessly
	layer_2: servein right shated t me tu breslessly
	layer_4: serv hin wright shaded toe mitu brestlessly
	layer_6: serve him right shouted the mitu breastlessly
	layer_8: serve him right shouted demithru breathlessly
	layer_10: serve him right shouted demitriu breathlessly
	layer_12: serve him right shouted demitriu breathlessly

file: 6123-59150-0023.flac
expected: if i haven't killed him i'll come again and kill him
	layer_2: if r han't kilting or come agaain andkill him
	layer_4: if i han't kilding 'r com again and kill him
	layer_6: if i han't killed inmg 'lrl come again and kill him
	layer_8: if i haven't killed him i'll come again and kill him
	layer_10: if i haven't killed him i'll come again and kill him
	layer_12: if i haven't killed him i'll come again and kill him

file: 6123-59150-0024.flac
expected: it is easy to see why dostoevsky has become a popular author
	layer_2: t isesy to se whi dostard s gi has be come ar pocile outer
	layer_4: it is easy to see why des tee ski has become af popular authe
	layer_6: it is easy to see why dos tedski has become a popular author
	layer_8: it is easy to see why dus ertski has become a popular author
	layer_10: it is easy to see why duseenski has become a popular author
	layer_12: it is easy to see why dosteenski has become a popular author

file: 6123-59150-0025.flac
expected: no melodramatist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_2: no melladan itist ever pordout incidentupon the stage fro ind such a horn of plenty
	layer_4: no meladramitist ever pored out incident upon th stage from such a horn of planty
	layer_6: no milogrametist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_8: no milodramatist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_10: no milodramatist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_12: no milodramatist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty

file: 6123-59150-0026.flac
expected: dostoevsky is always ready to show them all in at once
	layer_2: dustarskes always reay to showe sthe molin ant oncs
	layer_4: dostaskys always ready to shows the more linat once
	layer_6: dostarskiis always ready to show them mol in at once
	layer_8: dosterski is always ready to show them all in at once
	layer_10: dosteyrski is always ready to show them all lin at once
	layer_12: dosteyrskiis always ready to show them all lin at once

file: 6123-59150-0027.flac
expected: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general epanchin prince s adelaida ivanovna lizaveta prokofyevna yevgeny pavlovitch radomsky princess byelokonsky aglaia prince myshkin kolya ivolgin ippolit varya ferdyshchenko nastasya filippovna nina alexandrovna ganya ptitsyn and general ivolgin
	layer_2: on two oposite pagers of the diit one finds the follow inclaract is broughtin by name general eparnchion prince s at alaiyedar ive novna lizivetter proclfhe ona ye hove gaany pove lovevic re don' sky princessbearl quaonsky a glaya prince mish kan collor e volgen epallit va verdis shenke nistaurse pl a povna neenar ele'sen jovnar gonya tisen and general ivogen
	layer_4: on two opposite pages of the idiot one fines the followin claractas brought in by name general apanson prince s adalader evenovna lizi vetter procophiadna he have gainy pov loveich redonski princess bealequonskiy aglaeya prince mishikin collia evolgan ipoelid vlia fadish chinko nistarca pilopovne nena elexsengeovne gonya tisstin and general ivogan
	layer_6: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the followeng charactirs brought in by name general aparnton prince s ede lade ivanovna lizza vettar prokofhiadna he have gueiney pavlovitch redonsky princess bielokonski a glaeya prince mishkin colia ivolgan ipolid valyo far dihshenco mnestarcia philapovna nina eleanjovna gonia tissten end general ivogan
	layer_8: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general opantan prince s adaleda ivanovna lizibetta prokofhievna ivgueni pavlovitch redonski princess pilelakonski aglaea prince mishkin calya ivolgan ippalid valyo fer dishanko nestaca philapovna nina alexangovna gonya tisin n general ivolgan
	layer_10: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general lipancin prince s adilaeda ivanovna lizivetta prokophyevna yievgeni pavlovitch redonski princess bielakwonski eglaeya prince mischkin calya ivolgan ippalid wayo ferdishenku nastacia philipovna nina alexandrovna gana tistan n general ivolgan
	layer_12: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general lipanchin prince s adilada ivanovna lizibetta prokofyevna yievgeni pavlovitch redonski princess bielakwonski erglaya prince mischkin callya iwolgan ippalid wayo ferdishenko nastacia philipovna nina alexandrovna gogna tistin n general ivolgan

file: 6123-59150-0028.flac
expected: but the secret of dostoevsky's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_2: but the sa crt ovf dustear s kises appel i somtning more than the mostithutd an threel of hi sinsidencs an chractes
	layer_4: but the sacred of dostsgis appeal is something more than the multitude in threl of his instidence an characters
	layer_6: but the sacred of dosteir skize appeal is something more than the multitude and thril of his incidence and characters
	layer_8: but the sacred of dosterskis appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_10: but the sacred of dosterski's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_12: but the sacred of dosterskid's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters

file: 6123-59150-0029.flac
expected: mister murry boldly faces the difficulty and attempts the definition
	layer_2: mistemarbordle  faces r difiquity and attempstidefinition
	layer_4: mister maribol ly faces a diffiquity and attempts the definition
	layer_6: mister marriboldly faces a diffiqulity and attempt to defoinition
	layer_8: mister murriboldly faces e difficulty and attempts to definition
	layer_10: mister murriboldley faces a difficulty and attempts ta definition
	layer_12: mister murriboldley faces a difficulty and attempts tha definition

file: 6123-59150-0030.flac
expected: to him dostoevsky's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_2: to him dustirsk is worok is the recortof a great min seeking for a way ofd la it is morest han a reckort of a struggle it is te struggle it self
	layer_4: to him dosersk is work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is testruggle itself
	layer_6: to him doseski's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_8: to him dosesky's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is tho struggle itself
	layer_10: to him tosseski's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_12: to him tosserski's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself

file: 6123-59150-0031.flac
expected: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern set in surrounding darkness
	layer_2: and those voices take shay e ancertiant unforgettible fragaense of dilog thet have in spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly meain caven sart in surrounding darkness
	layer_4: and those voices take shape in certain unforgetable fragmence of dylog that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly meain tavern sertain surrounding darkness
	layer_6: and those voices take shape in certain unforgetable fragents of dialog that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly meane tavern certain surrounding darkness
	layer_8: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialoge that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness
	layer_10: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness
	layer_12: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness

file: 6123-59150-0032.flac
expected: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_2: ultimately they ore the creation s nodt hem aman who desiae tuod be but of a spirit whuch sort to kno
	layer_4: altimately they are ther creations not him aman who desied to be but of a spirit which sorpt to know
	layer_6: ultimately they are the creations not am a man who desired to be but of a spirit would sougpt to know
	layer_8: ultimately they are the creations not am a man who desired to be but of a spirit whic sought to know
	layer_10: ultimately they are the creations not am a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_12: ultimately they are the creations not am a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know

file: 6123-59150-0033.flac
expected: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_2: becaussayre possessdt they ar no long of man and wimen
	layer_4: because hey e possessed they are no longer man and women
	layer_6: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_8: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_10: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_12: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women

file: 6123-59150-0034.flac
expected: this is all in a measure true
	layer_2: this is alin a meage true
	layer_4: this is all in ameajire true
	layer_6: this is all in a measure true
	layer_8: this is all in a measure true
	layer_10: this is all in a measure true
	layer_12: this is all in a measure true

file: 6123-59150-0035.flac
expected: to say this is not to deny the spiritual content of dostoevsky's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_2: to sa this is not o denie the spirch a content of dusheys is work the enguish of the imprisen soulas at battls wit dout and denil n dispar
	layer_4: to say this is not to deny the spirch a content of dostesk is work the anguish of the imprison soul as at battles witeh dougt and deniale and despair
	layer_6: to say this is not to deny the spiuitare content of dosteuskhi's work the anguish of the imprison soul as it battles with doubt and eniale and despair
	layer_8: to say this is not to deny the spirit ae content of dosteeski's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_10: to say this is not to deny the spirit ar content of doseski's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_12: to say this is not to deny the spiritar content of doseeski's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair

file: 6123-59150-0036.flac
expected: there is in dostoevsky a suggestion of caliban trying to discover some better god than setebos
	layer_2: theres ind seascy as suggestion ofe caliban tryingd tid iscoveer some betted god than etotabls
	layer_4: there ias an dosseesky a suggestin of calouban trying to discover some better god than sto tables
	layer_6: there is in doseesky a suggestion of caluban trying to discover some better gored than ster tables
	layer_8: there is in doseeski a suggestion of caliban trying to discover some better gord than ser tables
	layer_10: there is in doseyeski a suggestion of calibarn trying to discover some better gored than ser tables
	layer_12: there is in doseyevski a suggestion of kalibarn trying to discover some better gored than ser tables

file: 6123-59150-0037.flac
expected: the ultimate attitude of dostoevsky is as christian as the apostle peter's lord i believe help thou mine unbelief
	layer_2: the ol tman adtitutod dustaescy is ws christion es the appossol petes lorda eleve helped theou myd umbelief
	layer_4: the altim ate attitude of dostoskiy is as christian as the apposal peters lo rd i believe helped thouw my e un belief
	layer_6: the ultimate attitude of dostaesky is as christian as the apossil peters lord i believe helped thou mighe unbelief
	layer_8: the ultimate attitude of dosteeski is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe help thou migne unbelief
	layer_10: the ultimate attitude of dostoyewski is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe help thou mine unbelief
	layer_12: the ultimate attitude of dostoyewski is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe help thou mine unbelief

file: 6123-59150-0038.flac
expected: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night dostoevsky still sees the light of christian compassion
	layer_2: and beyong the dark nat haf soferi and disuipating the nigt thustir ski stll seas the light of christiing compassion
	layer_4: and beyond the dark niht oe sufering and disipating the knight tusa sky still seis the light of christian compassion
	layer_6: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night dasesci still sees the light of christian compassion
	layer_8: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night daseski still sees the light of christian compassion
	layer_10: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night draseski still sees the light of christian compassion
	layer_12: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night drasseski still sees the light of christian compassion

file: 6123-59150-0039.flac
expected: or even by the compassion of others like prince myshkin in the idiot
	layer_2: tor ave by the compassion of athers lik prince mishan in the adis
	layer_4: hor evend by the compassion of others like princemiscan in the idiot
	layer_6: tor even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idiot
	layer_8: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idiot
	layer_10: or even by the compassion of others like prince michkin in the idiot
	layer_12: or even by the compassion of others like prince michkin in the idiot

file: 6123-59150-0040.flac
expected: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_2: his work lck his face brs the maock of this terible conflet
	layer_4: his work lick his face bars the marck of this terrible compflet
	layer_6: his work like his face bars the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_8: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_10: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_12: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict

file: 6123-59150-0041.flac
expected: the novels are the perfect image of the man
	layer_2: the novels o the perfrect emmuge of te man
	layer_4: the novels ofe the perfect imegefs the man
	layer_6: the novels ore the perfect imagas o man
	layer_8: the novels are the perefect imige es e man
	layer_10: the novels are the perfect image es e man
	layer_12: the novels are the perfect image as te man

file: 6123-59150-0042.flac
expected: as to the man himself the vicomte de voguee described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_2: as sor the man himself the rcomtediv lgay descuribded him as his sawthing in the lastears of his life
	layer_4: as to the man himself the ecomtedivulgey described him as his saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_6: as to the man himself the ecomtadiveolgay described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_8: as to the man himself the vicomte e de vouge described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_10: as to the man himself the vicomte de de vauguey described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_12: as to the man himself the vicomte de de vauguey described him as he saw him in the last years of his life

file: 6123-59150-0043.flac
expected: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among vagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_2: when he begame excited on a setaind point wene could hav sworn that one had sening befor sit an a bention a policecot awaiting thril or a mong baga bloancehe pass their time begging before the prison doos
	layer_4: when he begame excisted on a sertain point won could have sworn that one had seening before seated n abention ta polecedcougt awaiting chrial or among baggablonce he pass ther time bagging before the prison doors
	layer_6: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seening before seated on a bension a policed court awaiting trial or among baggarbons he passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_8: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among bagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_10: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among vagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_12: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among vagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors

file: 6123-59150-0044.flac
expected: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old slavonic saints
	layer_2: at allo ter times whe caurry that lookof sard and gentle makness san on the mages of olldsthe vane ex cins
	layer_4: at all ovthe times whoe curryed that look of seard and gentle makness seine on the images of olds the vonixcaints
	layer_6: at all other times who curried that look of sird and gentle meekness seen on the images of olds the vanic saints
	layer_8: at all other times who carried that look of sud and gentle meekness seen on the images of old sthavanic saints
	layer_10: at all other times whe carried that look of sud and gentle meekness seen on the images of old savanic saints
	layer_12: at all other times he carried that look of sud and gentle meekness seen on the images of old scavanic saints

file: 6123-59150-0045.flac
expected: that is the portrait of the man one sees behind dostoevsky's novels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_2: thash apportud of the man one seazsd the hind ousars kus nols e porth it ene might omo s haven fured from the nobles
	layer_4: thastis apportured of the man one seas the hind ostacsci's nvls a porthit hene might almost have infered from the novles
	layer_6: that is a portad of the man one sees the hind dosta eske's novls a porch at one might almost have inferred from the novles
	layer_8: that is a portrait of the man one sees bhe hind arsteevski's knovels a porcrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_10: that is a portrait of the man one sees behind dorsteevski's knovels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_12: that is a portrait of the man one sees behind orsteevski's knovels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels

file: 6123-59150-0046.flac
expected: it is a figure that at once fascinates and repels
	layer_2: it is a pfeegi that it once facinates end re pels
	layer_4: it is a figa at iat once facinates andrepels
	layer_6: it is a figer that at once fascinates andrepells
	layer_8: it is a figure that at once fascinites and repels
	layer_10: it is a figure that it once fascinates and repels
	layer_12: it is a figure that it once fascinates and repels

file: 6123-59186-0000.flac
expected: he is not by temperament a singer
	layer_2: he is not by temppermendt to sinar
	layer_4: he is not by temperement ta sina
	layer_6: he is not by temperament to singa
	layer_8: he is not by temperament to singa
	layer_10: he is not by temperament to singa
	layer_12: he is not by temperament to singa

file: 6123-59186-0001.flac
expected: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and storm
	layer_2: hi's masacus a still smald oice unedenly match togaes his consciousness of midnit an stall
	layer_4: hese masic us a still small f oice un evenly matche toguest his consciousness of midnit an stol
	layer_6: he's mersick is a still small voice unevenly matched agains his consciousness of midnight and stall
	layer_8: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stall
	layer_10: his music is a still small voice unedenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stall
	layer_12: his music is a still small voice unedenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stall

file: 6123-59186-0002.flac
expected: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_2: truth to tell mister hardie s nei thi sufficiently articulat nor sufficiently fasidious to be a great poet
	layer_4: truth to tell mister harty as new the sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidius to be a great poet
	layer_6: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fasidious to be a great poet
	layer_8: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_10: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_12: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet

file: 6123-59186-0003.flac
expected: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_2: he does not expresse liufe asily inbeauti fur word sor an eimages
	layer_4: he does not expresse life easirly in beautiful word ore an images
	layer_6: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or an images
	layer_8: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_10: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_12: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images

file: 6123-59186-0004.flac
expected: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_2: thus he wrigtsin a found her atte of one ho
	layer_4: thus he write sin i found her oat ther of one ho
	layer_6: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_8: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_10: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_12: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who

file: 6123-59186-0005.flac
expected: there could not be an uglier and more prosaic exaggeration than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_2: the could not  an ugly and milre presaacoud suguration ths comtained in th mygein te last lon
	layer_4: thery could not be an ugli and milel preseae could sugeration thon ies contained in the image in the last lan
	layer_6: there could not be an ugly and will prisai coud sageration thone is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_8: there could not be an uglyr and will prosaya coud saduration than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_10: there could not be an uglyer and will presaya cood saduration than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_12: there could not be an uglyier and will presaya cood saduration than is contained in the image in the last line

file: 6123-59186-0006.flac
expected: and prose intrudes in the choice of words as well as in images
	layer_2: and pros on truds in the tos of words as well ars ind imiters
	layer_4: and prosan jrudes in the cose of words as well as and imagers
	layer_6: and prozan jruds in the choiste of words as well as in images
	layer_8: and prosin drudes in the choice of words as well as in images
	layer_10: and prose in drudes in the choice of words as well as in images
	layer_12: and prose in dudes in the choice of words as well as in images

file: 6123-59186-0007.flac
expected: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same poem about
	layer_2: take for xemple the assefthe word domasild in the passage in the same pa atu
	layer_4: take for example the ursot the word domasild in the passage in the same palem mabhak
	layer_6: take for example the us of the word domicild in the passage in the same pal madack
	layer_8: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage ind the same palm madaqu
	layer_10: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage an the same palm madarcue
	layer_12: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage an the same polm madarchue

file: 6123-59186-0008.flac
expected: when we as strangers sought their catering care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_2: when wes strangers sought ther cater in care veold smileds bespoke ther thougt of what we wer
	layer_4: when we as stranges sougt their cator in care vaild smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_6: when we is strangers sought their catering care vailed smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_8: when we as strangers sought their caterin care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_10: when we as strangers sought their caturin care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_12: when we os strangers sought their caturin care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were

file: 6123-59186-0009.flac
expected: catering care is an appalling phrase
	layer_2: catering care es and a palling fras
	layer_4: katering care is an a palling frze
	layer_6: katering care is an a palling phrase
	layer_8: katerin care is an appalling phrase
	layer_10: katering care is an appalling phrase
	layer_12: katering care is an appalling phrase

file: 6123-59186-0010.flac
expected: is a line of good poetry
	layer_2: is alin of gaodpoety
	layer_4: is a line of god poloty
	layer_6: is a line of good polity
	layer_8: is a line of good polity
	layer_10: is a line of good polity
	layer_12: is a line of good polity

file: 6123-59186-0011.flac
expected: you did not come and marching time drew on and wore me numb yet less for loss of your dear presence there than that i thus found lacking in your make that high compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved i when as the hope hour stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_2: yoe did not come and mauching time e on and wal me nomn yet los fe lostof yo dea presentce their then hat i tust fand lacking in you make that high compassion which canover beire wey locdance tor pure loving kindness sake greeve di when is the her bu stroakt id som ye did not come
	layer_4: you did not come and marching time drew on and war me numb yet los for los of your dear presente there then that i thus faund lacking yin your make that highecompassion which can over bere re luctance for pur loving kindness sake griebed i when is the hopeoua stroked it som you did not come
	layer_6: you did not come and marching time drew on and war me numb yet los for los of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbert reluctance for pure loving kindness sake greiev i when is the hope ou stroked it sum you did not come
	layer_8: you did not come and marching time drew on and warm me numb yet lost for loss of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieve di when as the hope owr stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_10: you did not come and marching time drew on and wore me numb yet los for loss of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grievedi when as the hope our stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_12: you did not come and marching time drew on and worne me numb yet los for loss of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grievedi when as the hope hour stroked its sum you did not come

file: 6123-59186-0012.flac
expected: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrases like in your make and as the hope hour stroked its sum are discords that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_2: there hins of the granstile ofli rit potry in thes linds but frases luck in you make and is the hope eulr strkd ed some a discos thet priat tumbling to the liveles of ittor and commontlac
	layer_4: ther ar hins of the grand sdyle of liric poetry in these lines but phrases luck in your make and as the hope al struked et sum a discowds that briat tumbling to the levels of ictoriand commontlece
	layer_6: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrases lucke in youl make and as the hope au stroked it sum are discordes that brgt tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_8: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrases luck in youlr make and as the hope owc stroked its sum are discordse that brig t tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_10: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phraser's luck in your make and as the hope ow stroked its sum are discorde that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_12: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrase's luck in your make and as the hope ow stroked its sum are discords that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace

file: 6123-59186-0013.flac
expected: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_2: he has at temperiment sensitivte beyong that of olbut a ferratent rigtes to the pain impassion of human beings
	layer_4: he has a temperaments sensitive beyon thut of oll but a feracent ritis to the payin impassion of human beings
	layer_6: he has a temperaments sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writes to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_8: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_10: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent rites to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_12: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent riters to the pain and passion of human beings

file: 6123-59186-0014.flac
expected: one can remember poem after poem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late cristina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue and the bust to name a few
	layer_2: one cand remember pallm of te pal of his with ha teme that might asily have seurvds for mister hardy two late christeno the lost mistress the last ride together the stathu in the bust to name affe
	layer_4: one cand remember palm after palm of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister harty two late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the stau in the bust to name a few
	layer_6: one coan remember paem after polem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statur in the bust to name a few
	layer_8: one can remember poem after poem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bust to name a few
	layer_10: one can remember poem after poem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bust to name a few
	layer_12: one can remember poem after poem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bust to name a few

file: 6123-59186-0015.flac
expected: but what a sense of triumph there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_2: but whaddis sens of chiump their is and brownins thriageties
	layer_4: but what icence of chiump there is and brownings trageties
	layer_6: but what a sence of chiump there is in brownings tragedies
	layer_8: but what a sense of chiumph there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_10: but what a sense of triumph there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_12: but what a sense of triumph there is in browning's tragedies

file: 6123-59186-0016.flac
expected: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_2: his wolld as a placeof opulance nut a povity
	layer_4: his world as a place of opulence not of povety
	layer_6: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_8: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_10: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_12: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty

file: 6123-59186-0017.flac
expected: to have loved even for an hour is with browning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_2: to have logb ivden for an all is with brownning to live foreverafter in heeanheritance o e migte oachevdment
	layer_4: to have lobed liden for an a is with browning to live forever after in the inheritance of a mighty achevement
	layer_6: to have lobe ident for an holr is with browning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighti achievement
	layer_8: to have lobed even for an hour is with browning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_10: to have loved even for an hour is worth bowning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_12: to have loved heven for an hour is worth bowning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement

file: 6123-59186-0018.flac
expected: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_2: to have loed for an our isin mis te hirtes amgination to have dapened the sadness even more than the bety of once memoris
	layer_4: to have loed for an hour is and mister harhtye's imagination to have depend he sadness even more than the beuty of one's memorious
	layer_6: to have loved for an hour is in mister harhdy's imagination to have depened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_8: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_10: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardey's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_12: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardey's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories

file: 6123-59186-0019.flac
expected: for then i undistrest by hearts grown cold to me could lonely wait my endless rest with equanimity
	layer_2: for then i undistresst by hearts grong caled to me could lonly wraigt my and hes rest with har coinimity
	layer_4: for then y undistresed by hearts growng coled to me could leonly wait my endles rest with ther cuenimity
	layer_6: for then i undistressed by heart's growng cold to me could lonly wait my endless rest with their cuanimity
	layer_8: for then i undistressed by hearts growin cold to me could lonely wait my endless rest with their quanimity
	layer_10: for then i undistresst by hearts growing cold to me could lonely wait my endless rest with ther quanimity
	layer_12: for then i undistrest by hearts growing cold to me could lonely wait my endless rest with their quanimity

file: 6123-59186-0020.flac
expected: but time to make me grieve part steals lets part abide and shakes this fragile frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_2: but time to make me grieve pat stills let's part a bid and shakes this fego fram at eve wih throbbings of nentid
	layer_4: but time to make me grieve part stills let's part o bid and shakes this fajol fram ant eave with throbbings of noontid
	layer_6: but time to make me grieve part steels lets part abide and shakes this fagole frame ant eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_8: but time to make me grieve part steels lets part a bide and shakes this fragoul frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_10: but time to make me grieve part steels let's part abide and shakes this frageile frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_12: but time to make me grieve part steels let's part abide and shakes this fragiule frame at eve with throbbings of noontide

file: 6123-59186-0021.flac
expected: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's poems the oxen
	layer_2: and disparis by no mens triunfhanc in wad ias perhaps the mostatthactive o al mysteo hard is panms the okson
	layer_4: and despairius by no means triunphants in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hard is palms the oxin
	layer_6: and despairius by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister haryes palems the oxen
	layer_8: and despair s by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's palems the oxen
	layer_10: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's palems the oxen
	layer_12: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's palems the oxen

file: 6123-59186-0022.flac
expected: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their strawy pen nor did it occur to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_2: you pituould tha meke mil creates whar the dril ton this dory pan nor did it ae par to one of usther to doubt ther we nealing then
	layer_4: your picture the mk miled creatures where they dwellt in thir dory pen nor didit apurta one of os ther to doupt theye were nealing then
	layer_6: you pictured the meek miled creatures where they drelt in their story pen nor did it appar to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_8: you pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their story pen nor did it appear to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_10: you pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their story pen nor did it appuar to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_12: you pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their story pen nor did it appear to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then

file: 6123-59186-0023.flac
expected: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardy's prevailing mood
	layer_2: the meter fath hellevl orrather of delight in the memory o faith hi's not mister hrd his prvailig mod
	layer_4: the modef faith hoever or rather of delight in the memory ha faith his not mister ht is prevailing mood
	layer_6: the mootovf faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith his not mister hardi's prevailing mood
	layer_8: the mod of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hadey's prevailing mood
	layer_10: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hydeyr's prevailing mood
	layer_12: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hydey's prevailing mood

file: 6123-59186-0024.flac
expected: he can enter upon a war without ironical doubts as we see in the song men who march away
	layer_2: he caln ente rpon a wall wie thout iranyqwald duxs thas we see in the some men he much away
	layer_4: he can ente rupon a warl withthat i runiquald docks has we se in the son men hu much away
	layer_6: he can enter upon a wall with hat ironn i cood ducks as we se in the sumn men whomarchd away
	layer_8: he can enter upon a wall withthot ironic od ducks as we see in the sum men who march away
	layer_10: he can enter upon a wall without ironical ducks as we see in the sum men who march away
	layer_12: he can enter upon a wall without ironical ducks as we see in the sum men who march away

file: 6123-59186-0025.flac
expected: how long he cries in a poem written some years ago
	layer_2: how long he cries in apam riten some mas ago
	layer_4: how long he cries in a polm rittan some us ago
	layer_6: how long he cries in a palm written some eas ago
	layer_8: how long he cries in a palm written some years ago
	layer_10: how long he cries in a palm written some years ago
	layer_12: how long he cries in a palm written some years ago

file: 6123-59186-0026.flac
expected: when shall the saner softer polities whereof we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism grown godlike scorn to stand bondslave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_2: when t o the sana softe puolities were o wy jdram have sway anach prowud land and paturled his im grown godlack scong thesdand bon slave o rolms but sicl erthtand seee
	layer_4: when ctol the sana softov polities where ae dream have sway in each proud land and patured is en grwing gordlick sconge dostand bon slaved o realms but circle earth and seazs
	layer_6: when shall the sanes soft of polities where al we dream have sway in each proud land and patrodtism growing god lack scorn dostand boned slave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_8: when shall the sanos soft of polities whereall we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growing goudlak scorn to stand bond slave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_10: when shall the saino softe polities whereall we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growing goudlike scorn to stand bond slave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_12: when shall the saino softer polities whereall we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growing goudlike scorn to stand bond slave to realms but circle earth and seas

file: 6123-59186-0027.flac
expected: but perhaps his characteristic attitude to war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question a senior soul flame as to how their friends and relatives have kept their doughty deeds in remembrance
	layer_2: but perhaps his caradteristicg atichd to wars to be found not in lines lice les but in that melancally pame the sols ofs the slaine in which the sols of the ded soldies returnd to their country and question a senioausoflaim wis to haw heir friends iandrvelities havf kept therd doty dads in rememberances
	layer_4: but perhaps his caracteristic attitude to wars to be found not in linds like these but in that melancoly polem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the ded soldiers returned to thir country and question asenias solflame as to how their friends and relities have kept their doubty deds in remembrance
	layer_6: but perhaps his characteristic attitude to wars to be found not inlines like these but in that melancholypoem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers returned to their country an question esenio soulflame as to how their friends and rvelities have kept their doubty deeds in remembrance
	layer_8: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers returned to their country in question essenia sol flame is to how their friends and relities have kept their doughtyed deeds in remembrance
	layer_10: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers returned to their country in question asinia solflame as to how their friends and relitives have kept their doughty deeds in remembrance
	layer_12: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers returned to their country in question asinia solflame as to how their friends and relitives have kept their doughtyed deeds in remembrance

file: 6123-59186-0028.flac
expected: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves
	layer_2: and generl how hod out e sweet harts swon lail is dos
	layer_4: and general how hold out eur sweet hearts swon loyl as dulves
	layer_6: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as dolges
	layer_8: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as dolves
	layer_10: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves
	layer_12: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves

file: 6123-59186-0029.flac
expected: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_2: some fikl and fleet harts a found the new loves
	layer_4: some ficle and fleet hearts afond them new loves
	layer_6: some fickle and fleet hearts ade found them new loves
	layer_8: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_10: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_12: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loves

file: 6123-59186-0030.flac
expected: and our wives quoth another resignedly dwell they on our deeds
	layer_2: and i wivs quithen other resonedly dol heon ai deeds
	layer_4: and i wives quit an other resunedly dol dhey on oudeds
	layer_6: and ou wives quitf another resigntedly duldey on o deeds
	layer_8: and our wives quith another resignedly dule dhe on our deeds
	layer_10: and our wives quoth another resignedly dule they on our deeds
	layer_12: and our wives quoth another resignedly dule they on our deeds

file: 6123-59186-0031.flac
expected: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_2: ous te haty has too bet her asens of reality to belevd much in the glory of foal
	layer_4: ustehaty has too biter assense of reality to believde much in the glory of wal
	layer_6: uste hauhy has too bitter assense of reality to believe much in the glory of wa
	layer_8: uster hady has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_10: eustar hadey has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_12: eustar hadey has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war

file: 6123-59186-0032.flac
expected: the real world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_2: the verweald to mister harty is the wod of and cient human things in which ware has come to be hitious erelivencs
	layer_4: the veaewerld to mister harty is the world of entcient human things in which warw has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_6: the rearworld to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous ir elevance
	layer_8: the rearworld to mister hardey is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_10: the rear world to mister hardey is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_12: the rear world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance

file: 6123-59186-0033.flac
expected: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardy's poems about war are no more expressive of tragic futility than his poems about love
	layer_2: it mabey thoght on the oer hand that mis ter hard is phalnds bout al and no more ekxpresseve of chruagit fea tiity that his pans about love
	layer_4: it maybe thought on the ovher hand that mister hard is palnds about wall a no more expressive of tragic futility that his ponds about love
	layer_6: it maybe thought on the other hand that mister hardes pans about war ard no more expressive of tragic futility that his pons about love
	layer_8: it maybe thought on the other hand that mister hardy's pons about war ane no more expressive of tragic futility than his ponds about love
	layer_10: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardey's pons about war are no more expressive of tragic futility than his pons about love
	layer_12: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardey's pons about war are no more expressive of tragic futility than his pons about love

file: 6123-59186-0034.flac
expected: futility and frustration are ever recurring themes in both
	layer_2: etiolite an frostroation a ever rycari steems and both
	layer_4: hitility and frustration a ever reari theems and both
	layer_6: huatility and frustration are ever requarry themes ind both
	layer_8: fuatuity and frustration are ever requauring themes in both
	layer_10: futuity and frustration are ever requarrig themes in both
	layer_12: futuity and frustration are ever requaurrig themes in both

file: 6123-59186-0035.flac
expected: his lovers like his soldiers rot in the grave defeated of their glory
	layer_2: his lovers lick his soldies wruting te gred de faeted of their gory
	layer_4: his lovers lack his soldies wrut ing the gra defeated of their glory
	layer_6: his lovers like his soldiers wrutting the gray defeated of their glory
	layer_8: his lovers like his soldiers rutting the gray defeated of their glory
	layer_10: his lovers like his soldiers rutting the gray defeated of their glory
	layer_12: his lovers like his soldiers rutting the gray defeated of their glory

file: 6123-59186-0036.flac
expected: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_2: lov as a lways sevrd brothinlife andindet
	layer_4: love as are always seved bth in life and indeath
	layer_6: love as are always seved broathin life and in death
	layer_8: lovers are always severed bath in life and in death
	layer_10: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_12: lovers are always severed both in life and in death

file: 6123-59186-0037.flac
expected: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mournful cry over severance
	layer_2: in be on he last tank we have the same monfur cry ovther severence
	layer_4: in beyon dtelast thamp we have the same monful cry oveer severants
	layer_6: in beyondher last vamp we have the same mounful cry over severance
	layer_8: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mournful cry over severance
	layer_10: in beyond the last bamp we have the same mournful cry over severance
	layer_12: in beyond the last bamp we have the same mournful cry over severance

file: 6123-59186-0038.flac
expected: no shade of pinnacle or tree or tower while earth endures will fall on my mound and within the hour steal on to yours one robin never haunt our two green covertures
	layer_2: no shade of pinycouo the tre o towe while erthanjus wee fore end my mound and bithin the al stial un to yrs one roben never hort a to greeng covatoes
	layer_4: no shade of pinnicol the tree or tower while earth an jes will falle end my mound and with in the ala steal unto yurs one rubbirn never hournt ore two green covertues
	layer_6: no shade of pinnichl o tree or tower while earth in jeurs will fall in my mound and within the auli steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green coverturs
	layer_8: no shade of pinnacle a tree or tower while earth endurs will fall on my mound and within the oulce steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covetures
	layer_10: no shade of pinnacle or tree or tower while earth endures will fall on my mound and within the aue steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covetures
	layer_12: no shade of pinnacle or tree or tower while earth endures will fall on my mound and within the ouy steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covetures

file: 6123-59186-0039.flac
expected: they bring us face to face with an experience intenser than our own
	layer_2: they bri us face tof face with an expirence intensr than ot oun
	layer_4: they bring as face to face with an experience intenseve than out own
	layer_6: they bring his face to face with an experience intensive than our own
	layer_8: they bring us face to face with an experienced intensive than our own
	layer_10: they bring us face to face with an experience intensive than our own
	layer_12: they bring us face to face with an experience intensive than our own

file: 6123-59186-0040.flac
expected: nothing of tiniest worth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pale corpse like birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its rays dullest of dull hued days
	layer_2: nogting hof tinious worth hove i wrougt upontded pland no on thing asking blaml prais sics the parl corks u birth of thistirnal unit bearing blank sinal iats rays dellist of del he days
	layer_4: nothing of tineus worth have o rought upondered planed no on thing asking blamal prais since the parl courkslike birth of tisdinal unite bearing blank sion al tats rays delust of dulehured days
	layer_6: nothing of tinies worth have iwrought pondered planed no one thing asking blame alr praise since the pal coks liked birth of this dirnal unit bearing blanks in all its rayse dullist of dullhured dayse
	layer_8: nothing of tiniest wirth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pale corks like birth of this dirnal unit bearing blanks in all its rayse dullest of dullihued dayse
	layer_10: nothing of tiniest wirth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pale corklike birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its raise dullest of dulihued dayse
	layer_12: nothing of tiniest worth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pale corklike birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its raise dullest of dulhued dayse

file: 4153-186223-0000.flac
expected: in one corner of the little room kenneth forbes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box held carelessly in his lap
	layer_2: in bone coner of the litlroom can it forbs squated upone obengh with an emty pin boks hasd carelesly in his lap
	layer_4: in bone coder of the little room can ath forbs squatted upon a pench with an empty pine box hasd carelessly in his lep
	layer_6: in one cornner of the little room cennith forbes squartted upon a pench with an empty pine box hasd carelessly in his lap
	layer_8: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobes squatted upon a pench with an empty pine box hasd carelessly in his lap
	layer_10: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box held carelessly in his lap
	layer_12: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box held carelessly in his lap

file: 4153-186223-0001.flac
expected: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his pencil but neither had spoken for at least a half hour
	layer_2: why dunkin wlooked the boy was busy with his pense but neither had spoken for a tlies a harf a
	layer_4: whil dunkin worked the boy was busy with his pense but neither had spoken for atlesed a half ar
	layer_6: while dunkin worked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for at least a half ar
	layer_8: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for at leastd a half hup
	layer_10: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for at least a half hour
	layer_12: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his fences but neither had spoken for at least a half hour

file: 4153-186223-0002.flac
expected: then riding slowly up the hedge bordered road his troubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for retirement until the girls had left elmhurst for good
	layer_2: then riding sloly up the headge boartde droad his trubers once more asayil him and he wonederd of there was not somes pwhat upon the brogd ar to which he could fli o atiaind undte the grs had left en mustfr cood
	layer_4: then riding slowly up the headge poder road his troubers once more a saile him and he wondered of there was not somes qat upon the broad at to which he could fly or a tiament untl the girlds had left elmust fo good
	layer_6: then riding slowly up the hedge podord road his trubbls once more assail him and he wondered if there was not some sport upon the broad art to which he could fly for a tirement until the girls had left elmirset for good
	layer_8: then riding slowly up the hedge pordered road his troubbles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some sport upon the broad earth to which he could fly for e tyremant until the girls had left elmhurst for good
	layer_10: then riding slowly up the hedge bordered road his troubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for a tyrant until the girls had left elmhurst for good
	layer_12: then riding slowly up the hedge bordered road his troubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for a tyrmant until the girls had left elmhurst for good

file: 4153-186223-0003.flac
expected: nora shied and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to arrest him
	layer_2: no ra shide and he looked apteo discovher lhat he had nea ly drun down up pe destian astout attho man with a bondlunder his am who heald up one hand as if to wat est hime
	layer_4: no rarshide and he looked upto discover let he had nearanly run down ap pidestrian a stoutlittle man with a bundle under his arm who heald up one hand as ift to ward ese him
	layer_6: nor rashide and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pidestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to ward resdt him
	layer_8: nora shyd and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedastrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to warresst him
	layer_10: nora shide and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to warresst him
	layer_12: nora shide and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to arresst him

file: 4153-186223-0004.flac
expected: where do you want to go asked the boy
	layer_2: bheehyu monte hall askedthe boy
	layer_4: verdely wont teo gall asked the boy
	layer_6: wver y wont to all asked the boy
	layer_8: wher 'o you want to gal asked the boy
	layer_10: where do you want to gal asked the boy
	layer_12: where do you want to gal asked the boy

file: 4153-186223-0005.flac
expected: then it's the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_2: thet is the same jan ais emea he lespanded with e shake of his grisitltd head
	layer_4: thet is the same jane his ever he lesponded with tha shake of his grizitled head
	layer_6: that is the same jane his ever he responded with the shake of his grizzled head
	layer_8: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_10: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_12: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head

file: 4153-186223-0006.flac
expected: do you know i sort o hoped she'd reformed and i'd be glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_2: tdhe no i snt a horp she te formd and i' begladase her agaim tito me sh's goe money
	layer_4: deyouknow i sont a horpes she treformed and i'd bing lad asi her again thit ill me she's got money
	layer_6: do you know i sun a hope she preformed and i'd big lad as e her again tetelme she's got money
	layer_8: d' you know i sewn a hope she' performed and i'd big glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_10: do you know i sent a hope she's performed and i'd big glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_12: do you know i sent a hope she's performed and i'd bi glad to see her again they tell me she's got money

file: 4153-186223-0007.flac
expected: aunt jane's rich aunt jane
	layer_2: angans rich anten
	layer_4: auntg nes rich unti
	layer_6: auntnsrich antin
	layer_8: auntn'srich aunti
	layer_10: aun janesrich auntin
	layer_12: aunt janesrich auntine

file: 4153-186223-0008.flac
expected: echoed the man quickly what's your name lad
	layer_2: ecor the maonqrickly what ou name lin
	layer_4: acord the man crickly what you name lane
	layer_6: ecord the man qreickly what you name land
	layer_8: ehoed the man quickly what your name lad
	layer_10: echoed the man quickly what your name lad
	layer_12: echoed the man quickly whats your name lad

file: 4153-186223-0009.flac
expected: don't like girls i take it
	layer_2: don't my gors i ickit
	layer_4: don't my gorse i dickit
	layer_6: don't my girs i dicket
	layer_8: don't my girls i dick it
	layer_10: don't my girl's i dacke it
	layer_12: don't my girl's i dake it

file: 4153-186223-0010.flac
expected: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questioner
	layer_2: aneother lornas then the boy suddnt le terned quesh now
	layer_4: aneoither lawnas then the boy suddenly tuned questino
	layer_6: another long caus then the boy suddenly turned questiona
	layer_8: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questionaul
	layer_10: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questioning
	layer_12: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questioning

file: 4153-186223-0011.flac
expected: you know aunt miss merrick sir
	layer_2: youd know on batmiss maric ser
	layer_4: you know un but miss maric sir
	layer_6: you now un t miss meick sir
	layer_8: you know an but miss melick sir
	layer_10: you know unn but miss melrick sir
	layer_12: you know une but miss melrick sir

file: 4153-186223-0012.flac
expected: i used to when we were both younger
	layer_2: a youstoo when meberbot yongther
	layer_4: a ustoo when me beboth younger
	layer_6: i oustop when we beboth younger
	layer_8: i ust when we were both younger
	layer_10: i ustop when we were both younger
	layer_12: i yustop when we were both younger

file: 4153-186223-0013.flac
expected: kenneth stopped short and the mare stopped and the little man with a whimsical smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_2: gan it stoppd shot and the ma stopped and le litte man weith a wam e goots milad the boyse as donishment ases top
	layer_4: gan it stopped shot and the mar stopped andthe little mand with a wims a goots mile at the boys as tonishment allse stopped
	layer_6: cannit stopped shot and the mare stopped and the little man with the wems a good smile at the boys astonishment allsoe stopped
	layer_8: kennett stopped short and the mare stopped and the little man with te wims a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_10: kennett stopped short and the mayr stopped and the little man with a wims a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_12: kennett stopped short and the mayr stopped and the little man with a wim's a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped

file: 4153-186223-0014.flac
expected: john merrick that's me
	layer_2: jowhn melick but me
	layer_4: john melic bhut me
	layer_6: john melic tat me
	layer_8: john mellick that me
	layer_10: john melick that me
	layer_12: john melick that me

file: 4153-186223-0015.flac
expected: you were the tinsmith
	layer_2: you was a tensmet
	layer_4: you was attensmet
	layer_6: you was a tensmit
	layer_8: you was a densmit
	layer_10: you was a densmith
	layer_12: you was a densmith

file: 4153-186223-0016.flac
expected: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merrick
	layer_2: thickp crack of here be cas she suddenly became righ and a grat lady and bhat wash as a prising thing to hap ott oo meig
	layer_4: theyk ap crack of her becuse she suddenly became ridge and a greatlady and that wis a suprising thing to hap ehto o meric
	layer_6: theckap track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happn to a meric
	layer_8: thiykept rack of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a meric
	layer_10: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merick
	layer_12: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merick

file: 4153-186223-0017.flac
expected: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_2: thank your lad ie on the man cratfully i thought a litt elexecice would doo me god but tis re mie has seem leke tarty to me
	layer_4: thank youre lad rit on the man cratfully i thought a little exacise would do me good but thist hree mile hs seem like thirty to me
	layer_6: thank your lad frettond the man ratefully i thought a little exercise woeld do me good but this tree mile has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_8: thank your lad retuorned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three mile has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_10: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three mile has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_12: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three mile has seemed like thirty to me

file: 4153-186223-0018.flac
expected: i will said the man
	layer_2: i wit said the man
	layer_4: i witl said the man
	layer_6: i will said the man
	layer_8: i will said the man
	layer_10: i will said the man
	layer_12: i will said the man

file: 4153-186223-0019.flac
expected: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_2: the boy ndthe way but in a moment hilto again
	layer_4: the boy therne e wayr but in a moment hal ted again
	layer_6: the boy turned away but in a moment haltid again
	layer_8: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_10: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_12: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again

file: 4153-186223-0020.flac
expected: his interest in miss jane's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_2: his interessd in mhis jen's brather jowhn was excradnary
	layer_4: his intereset in mis gene's brother john was excrodinary
	layer_6: his interest in miss gane's brother john was extrordinary
	layer_8: his interest in miss jane's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_10: his interest in missus janes's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_12: his interest in missus janes's brother john was extraordinary

file: 4153-186222-0000.flac
expected: there's little danger in this quarter i'm sure so i may as well be friends with the poor child
	layer_2: ples littled engerd in this quartalemtiure so im me as wi oeld eslene with the por chied
	layer_4: plhes little danged in this quartarlempsure so i me as weliould be flenchd with the porchied
	layer_6: theres little danged in this quarter impshire so i mea aswel wud be flench with a poor childed
	layer_8: theres little danger in this quarter impsure so i me aswell uld be flenth with a poor child
	layer_10: there 's little danger in this quarter i'm sure so i may as well ou'd be flenchd with a poor child
	layer_12: there is a little danger in this quarter i'm sure so i may as well oud be flenchd with a poor child

file: 4153-186222-0001.flac
expected: ah why not
	layer_2: ah wry nont
	layer_4: ah wy not
	layer_6: ah why not
	layer_8: ah rhynot
	layer_10: ah wynot
	layer_12: ah wynot

file: 4153-186222-0002.flac
expected: beth hesitated
	layer_2: myt pes itaded
	layer_4: my  esitated
	layer_6: myesitated
	layer_8: mathesitated
	layer_10: mat hesitated
	layer_12: bat hesitated

file: 4153-186222-0003.flac
expected: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_2: the let tor askt e mee to visiter was the first i have ever to ceie rorh mhe
	layer_4: the letter asken me to visita was the first i have ever received foom her
	layer_6: the latter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_8: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_10: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_12: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her

file: 4153-186222-0004.flac
expected: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_2: but sinceshe asked me to visit her we jung she hadsofftd and might wish to beconfendly and o axcepterd the inmetation
	layer_4: but since she asked me to visit her we judge she had s oftend and might wish to becomflendly and to i acceptet the invitation
	layer_6: but since she asked me to visit her whe judge she had softened and might wish to become fenly and to i accepted the invitation
	layer_8: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become frienly and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_10: but since she asked me to visit her we judge she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_12: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation

file: 4153-186222-0005.flac
expected: surely two girls will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_2: shwyly two gase woald have ae batte time in this loy orld plece then one could have ilon
	layer_4: shorly togis will have a better ime in this lonly olld plece then one could have alone
	layer_6: sarely two gos will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_8: surely two gos will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alon
	layer_10: surely two gods will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alon
	layer_12: surely two gods will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alon

file: 4153-186222-0006.flac
expected: oh yes she has corrected louise
	layer_2: or yes she hands codlet toudleice
	layer_4: o yes she hans coect d teice
	layer_6: oh yes she hads conlected louise
	layer_8: oh yes she has colrected louise
	layer_10: oh yes she has colrected louise
	layer_12: oh yes she has colrected louise

file: 4153-186222-0007.flac
expected: you mean patricia doyle yes
	layer_2: you meain puttry sh doy yes
	layer_4: you meain patresia doo yes
	layer_6: you mean partricia doyl yes
	layer_8: you mean partritiadole yes
	layer_10: you mean patricia doyle yes
	layer_12: you mean patricia doyle yes

file: 4153-186222-0008.flac
expected: then we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth calmly
	layer_2: thet me ma conclard she lefet out of the aringement said bet come
	layer_4: thetn me nmay concloed she left out of the arengement said beth come
	layer_6: that wme may concloe she left out of the arrangement said beth came
	layer_8: than wme may conclude she left out of the arrangement said beth calme
	layer_10: than we may conclude she left out of the arrangement said beth calm
	layer_12: than we may conclude she left out of the arrangement said beth calm

file: 4153-186222-0009.flac
expected: you'll fight for your chance and fight mighty hard
	layer_2: you wald fie foy r on chahnts and fiet  myhty hart
	layer_4: you wae fied feor own chance and fiet fo mighty hart
	layer_6: you wale fied for your own chance and figve ftor mighty hot
	layer_8: you hae fighed or your own chance and figve o mighty hort
	layer_10: you al fire for your own chance and fiei mighty hard
	layer_12: you'll fire for your own chance and firi mighty hard

file: 4153-186222-0010.flac
expected: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt jane's money
	layer_2: whye my teaar cusim i do't fwarnt unchyives money
	layer_4: why mygh dear cousin i don't fwont anchives money
	layer_6: why myt dear cousin i don't want aun cheives money
	layer_8: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt chif's money
	layer_10: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt chiev's money
	layer_12: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt chiev's money

file: 4153-186222-0011.flac
expected: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find rest from my social duties and to get acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_2: my mather any out ampleoprvited  for and i ony he ar to fin gress for my so shl ues and ticel a quainted with my thead father sistep that is or
	layer_4: my mather ad i aur am pleopeovided for and iam only he are to find dress for my social duties and tickul acquainted with my dhead father sisterp that is all
	layer_6: my mother and i are am pleplrovided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duities an tikul acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_8: my mother and i are ampply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties anticl acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_10: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties anticl acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_12: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties anticul acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all

file: 4153-186222-0012.flac
expected: my father teaches music and mother scolds him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_2: my fas that teachis music and mothers house im continurly ftr not being ablre to un inough money to kep out of tet
	layer_4: my fatet each is music and mother's hose im continually tor not being able to un enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_6: my fatherteach is music and mother's hose him continually for not being able to an enough money to keep out of deabt
	layer_8: my father teaches music and mothers hose him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_10: my father teaches music and mothers horses him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_12: my father teaches music and mothers hores him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt

file: 4153-186222-0013.flac
expected: we've never seen a cent of her money although father has tried at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_2: we've nowese no sent of hom money orthugh fathe hast ridtad diamsto barwenough to happon ight of his diffigil ties
	layer_4: we've neveas e kno sent of e money arthough father hast rihted tiams to bar w enough to happin mut of his diffic alties
	layer_6: we've nevers ee no sent of her money arthough father hast trided times to bor w enough to happim out of his difficulties
	layer_8: we'ave never seen o scent of her money although father has trid at times to bore ow enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_10: we've never seen a scent of her money although father has trie at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_12: we've never seen a scent of her money although father has trie at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties

file: 4153-186222-0014.flac
expected: i even kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back
	layer_2: i youd kissd hevwhent she askd me to and i saeta shevwer all d ou my back
	layer_4: i yould kiss her en she askd me to and it sat ta shiver all d own my back
	layer_6: ar you'd kissed her when she askedme to and it sait oshivere all tdown my back
	layer_8: are you had kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back
	layer_10: ahe you h'd kissed her when she asked me to and it set a shiver all down my back
	layer_12: ahe you h'd kissed her when she asked me to and it set a shiver all down my back

file: 4153-186222-0015.flac
expected: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fuss around invalids and assist them
	layer_2: for my pat i am fornd of every one and it diligts me te fasadun invilleds and nasis them
	layer_4: for my pat i am formnd of every one and it delights me to fassaron invillages and assyst them
	layer_6: for my pat i am forned of everyone and it delights me to fastarround in village and assist them
	layer_8: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fasteround in village and assist them
	layer_10: for my part i am fond of every one and it delights me to fast eround in village and assist them
	layer_12: for my part i am fond of every one and it delights me to fast round in villag and assist them

file: 4153-186222-0016.flac
expected: you say you like to care for invalids and i don't
	layer_2: you se youl like to carfulr in wilits and i don't
	layer_4: you seay you' like to carefr in willits and i don't
	layer_6: you sea you'l like to carefor in villets and i don't
	layer_8: you sea youl like to care for in willits and i don't
	layer_10: you say you d like to care for in willids and i don't
	layer_12: you sa you wud like to care for in willits and i don't

file: 4153-186222-0017.flac
expected: you're trying to make me think you don't want elmhurst when you're as anxious to get it as i am
	layer_2: you klimed o make meet thing you dorn't wo el hes wut your as i'm youse to get it as iam
	layer_4: you clinmd to make met think you dornt one ell hers bhen your as i amsoue to get it as i arm
	layer_6: youe clinme to make mee think you don't wone el hurs bet youe as i anm used to get it as i am
	layer_8: your clind to make me think you don't want elhurs bht you'are as i amuse to get it as i am
	layer_10: you'r climnb to make me think you don't want elheurs bet you're as i amuse to get it as i am
	layer_12: your climb to make me think you don't want elhers but you're as i amuse to get it as i am

file: 4153-186222-0018.flac
expected: they call me beth sullenly
	layer_2: theye al me bet slenly
	layer_4: they fall me bet solenly
	layer_6: they fall me bet sulenly
	layer_8: they call me bath sullenly
	layer_10: they call me bet sullenly
	layer_12: they call me bet sullenly

file: 4153-186222-0019.flac
expected: i couldn't live in this out of the way corner of the world you know
	layer_2: i coneeleve in this out of the waekconer of the walgeunal
	layer_4: i can'tdelivein this out of the wak onor of the wal uno
	layer_6: i can believe in this out of the wake hornor of the wile you know
	layer_8: i culnt believe in this out of the wake ornour of the wiled you know
	layer_10: i cudn believe in this out of the wakecorner of the world you know
	layer_12: i cudn believe in this out of the wakecorner of the world you know

file: 4153-186222-0020.flac
expected: but suppose she leaves it to you persisted beth
	layer_2: but s a por she eeas a dea fe sisten fet
	layer_4: but s a pous she lneids a dea er sistant fet
	layer_6: but suppouse she lneds a de or asistent fet
	layer_8: but suppou she needs a deao hor assistent fet
	layer_10: but suppose she needs a deal per assistant fet
	layer_12: but suppose she needs a deal per assistant fet

file: 4153-186222-0021.flac
expected: louise seemed to meditate
	layer_2: lhui seemd to mete det
	layer_4: loui seem to medidet
	layer_6: louis seemd to methe det
	layer_8: louise seemed to metidete
	layer_10: louise seemed to mededeate
	layer_12: louise seemed to med adate

file: 4153-186222-0022.flac
expected: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_2: it te mihnicficsent a stat said bet looking at hocosn toubtfully
	layer_4: it a magh nificent a state said beth looking at her cousin toutfully
	layer_6: it' to maginificent a state said beth looking at her cousin toubtfully
	layer_8: it' a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_10: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_12: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully

file: 4153-186222-0023.flac
expected: now shall we be friends she asked lightly
	layer_2: now shad e be frent se asked litly
	layer_4: now shall wbe be frent she asked ligtly
	layer_6: now shall be be frent she asked lightly
	layer_8: now shall we be frent she asked lightly
	layer_10: now shall we be french she asked lightly
	layer_12: now shall we be french she asked lightly

file: 4153-186222-0024.flac
expected: to be sure i should want you to my dear
	layer_2: tor be shir i shald ante littol mydear
	layer_4: to be sure i shald want litto my dea
	layer_6: to be sure i shuld want little my dear
	layer_8: to be sure i should want little my dear
	layer_10: to be sure i should want little my dear
	layer_12: to be sure i should want little my dear

file: 4153-186222-0025.flac
expected: such a girl friend it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_2: suchra gord then it had never beein herp ro vliged to have tefore and wren hus uspicions wer a garton she becaime fairly has ponsiv and brighten wondiffully
	layer_4: such a gorld then it had never been herp ro lige to have before and when hers uspicions wirl or goten she became fairly les ponsi and brightened wonderfully
	layer_6: such a girl then it had never been her proviliged to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly lesponsiv and brightened wonderfully
	layer_8: such a girl thin it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly lessponsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_10: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_12: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully

file: 4153-186222-0026.flac
expected: silas she said when he entered what do you think of my nieces
	layer_2: siliss she said reniantet wha you think of my neces
	layer_4: siles she said ranyentut what o ou think of my neaces
	layer_6: silus she said rennientot what o you think of my neces
	layer_8: silas she said reniento what do you think of my nieces
	layer_10: silas she said renientot what do you think of my nieces
	layer_12: silas she said renientot what do you think of my nieces

file: 4153-186222-0027.flac
expected: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few girls show to good advantage
	layer_2: the avarlya charming gards he anset ot h the otert n age went few gase shorth good vontage
	layer_4: the arbvery ch arming girds he answerd ot the oeetin age when few gas shore t good afountage
	layer_6: the art varye charming girds he answered orthough the arelatin age when few gus showr t good avantage
	layer_8: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few guls show good advantage
	layer_10: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few girls showe t a good advantage
	layer_12: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few girls showt a good advantage

file: 4153-186222-0028.flac
expected: why did you not invite kenneth to dinner jane the boy
	layer_2: wy e is ou not in wyte canes to denongin the boy
	layer_4: wy dis you not inwite kanis to den on gine the boy
	layer_6: why does you not in vite canis to deno gaine the boy
	layer_8: why does you not invite kennis to denajne the boy
	layer_10: why does you not invite kennis to de najin the boy
	layer_12: why does you not invite kennis to de nanjin the boy

file: 4153-186222-0029.flac
expected: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_2: he is constofthy saying de sagreeber things
	layer_4: he is constily saying dis agreeable things
	layer_6: he is constaly saying disagreeable things
	layer_8: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_10: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_12: he is constantly saying disagreeable things

file: 4153-186222-0030.flac
expected: very well said the lawyer quietly which of my nieces do you prefer
	layer_2: very we said the laoy qui ly which ouf my neaces deu prfer
	layer_4: very wel said the loyr quiely bhich yof my necs du profer
	layer_6: very well said the lawyer quietly but yofe my nec es dou prefer
	layer_8: very well said the lawyer quietly but of my nieces do ou prefer
	layer_10: very well said the lawyer quietly bich of my nieces do you prefer
	layer_12: very well said the lawyer quietly bich of my nieces do you prefer

file: 4153-186222-0031.flac
expected: asked the old lady after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_2: af the r lady aftropas i cannot seai on sor shot and a quintes yansr with cravity which do youprefigin
	layer_4: askd the u or ladies after opas i cannot sa on so shot an acquainteds he answert with cravity which to you prefeegane
	layer_6: afk youor ladies after a pause i cannot say on so short and acquaintee he answered with cravity which do you prefer gane
	layer_8: afker your ladies after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_10: asker you ladies after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_12: asker you ladies after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane

file: 4153-186222-0032.flac
expected: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_2: the a eaquetly ansatisfacty she answer
	layer_4: the a equilly an satisfacty she answer
	layer_6: they ard equally an satisfactry she answered
	layer_8: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_10: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_12: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered

file: 4153-186222-0033.flac
expected: i cannot imagine elmhurst belonging to either silas
	layer_2: i cannot i magion an hust thelongis to ithor sidles
	layer_4: bi cannot imagine and hust belong is to either siles
	layer_6: i cannot imagine emhars belonging to either silase
	layer_8: i cannot imagine emhus belonging to either silas
	layer_10: i cannot imagine emhurs belonging to either silas
	layer_12: i cannot imagine emhur's belonging to either silas

file: 4153-186222-0034.flac
expected: i must see that other niece the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_2: i mu see that athenies the wone whol defis me and ar fe s is to anc and my sacon netter
	layer_4: i mut see that athanes the one who defise mne and a fu was es to ons on my second leter
	layer_6: i mustsee that athernis the one who defies me and if fuses to ans or my second nette
	layer_8: i must see that athernes the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_10: i must see that athernis the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_12: i must see that athernes the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter

file: 4153-186222-0035.flac
expected: there would be a dozen heirs to fight for my money and dear old elmhurst would be sold to strangers she resumed with bitterness
	layer_2: there would be a doezan ais to fight for my money and dear allenhose woulh be so erstranges she vismnd thit pittinmess
	layer_4: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear all el hose would be solde strangers she visumed pith pitterness
	layer_6: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear all ele houste woull be sold i strangers she resumed with pitterness
	layer_8: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear all elmhost woull be solder strangers she resumed with pitterness
	layer_10: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear o elmhost would be sold tor strangers she resumed with bitterness
	layer_12: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear ol elmhost would be sold tor strangers she resumed with bitterness

file: 4153-61735-0000.flac
expected: they are but lukewarm lovers who can content themselves with a dialogue carried on at bowshot distance
	layer_2: the arebut luk ome lovers whoocin contenthemselves with he dilalg caried on ad boushot distace
	layer_4: they are but lokom lovers who can content hemselves fith the dilog caried on at boshot distance
	layer_6: they are but lukwam lovers who can content themselves with the diloge carried on at boushort distance
	layer_8: they are but lukwam lovers who can content themselves with the dialogue carried on at borshot distance
	layer_10: they are but lukam lovers who can content themselves with the dialogue carried on at beuarshort distance
	layer_12: they are but lucwam lovers who can content themselves with the dialogue carried on at burshort distance

file: 4153-61735-0001.flac
expected: if there be an elysium on earth it is this
	layer_2: if  tirbe an alis yumonot it is this
	layer_4: if the bianelysiu monot it is this
	layer_6: if there beang elyssiumonat it is this
	layer_8: if there be an ellysium or nat it is this
	layer_10: if there be an alysum ornat it is this
	layer_12: if there be an alysume ornat it is this

file: 4153-61735-0002.flac
expected: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding nightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_2: his own daughtter his only dorte of the best blad of sutren arestocrecy beautfl acomplished everythink tho secure him was plended elions hoaling nightly as sination with a hoss hunto
	layer_4: his own daughter his only dogter of the best blood of southern arecstecracy beautiful accomplished everythink to secur him was plended a lions holing nightly assination with a hose hunto
	layer_6: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blod of southern aristo cricy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him was plendid alliance holing nightly a scination with a horse hunter
	layer_8: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him ats plendid alliance holding knightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_10: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding nightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_12: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding nightly assignation with a horse hunter

file: 4153-61735-0003.flac
expected: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern counsel
	layer_2: he could welkanc ehed sa mache to her k apriece since heirsting at ham could be notisadvantage o the caus tat had cromped him to the strn counce
	layer_4: he could welcanceid sow much to her ceprice since her staying at horm could be notdice advantage to the coause that had prompted him to the sterned councel
	layer_6: he could wel conceeed so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the couse that had prompted him to the sternd council
	layer_8: he could well conced so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the course that had prompted him to the stern council
	layer_10: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern council
	layer_12: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern council

file: 4153-61735-0004.flac
expected: it is already known that this road passed the hacienda of casa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_2: it is ol very knon that this road bast the hassy ndar of cass tae alcaorwe at some distance from the house and on the oppersite cigde of the rver
	layer_4: it is all redy knon that this road based the hasyender of cassta delcorlwo at some distance from the house and on the opposite sigde of the river
	layer_6: it is already known that this road based the hassy enda of carsa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_8: it is already known that this road pased the hasceenda of carsa del corwo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_10: it is already known that this road paset the hacienda of carsa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_12: it is already known that this road paset the hacienda of carsa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river

file: 4153-61735-0005.flac
expected: on reaching the copse he dismounted led his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rein around the topmost twigs of an elastic bough then detaching a long rope of twisted horsehair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm into its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hacienda
	layer_2: on reaching the cops he des maunted lat his harse in among thoug underwood hiched him by loobink his brildren aranther top mors twicks of in ilasting boe then hetaching a long rop of twisted horse her from the forn of his sadl and inserting his arm andow its coye he clided out to the ache of the ilangd on that side that lea towars the hasiender
	layer_4: on reaching the corps he desmounted let his horse in a mong thoug underwood hetched him by looping his briled rain arand ther dop mose twiks of an elastinc bow then detaching a long rop of twisted horse her from the horn of his sadle and incerting his arm and o its coil he glided out to the adge of the ieland on that sihde that lay towards the hasyenda
	layer_6: on reaching the corpse he dispounted let his horse in among though underwood hitched him by looping his bridle grain around the dopmost twigs of an elastincg boa then detaching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the horn of his saddle and insearting his arm end o its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that sihde that lay towards the hasiyenda
	layer_8: on reaching the corpse he dismounted let his horse in among thegh underwood hitched him by loping his bridale rein around the topmost twigs of an elastic boa then detaching a long rope of twisted horsehair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm end to its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the harsienda
	layer_10: on reaching the corpse he dismounted let his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle grein around the topmost twigs of an elastic boa then detaching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the horn of his sadle and inserting his arm end to its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hacienda
	layer_12: on reaching the corpse he dismounted let his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle grein around the topmost twigs of an elastic boa then detaching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm end to its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hacienda

file: 4153-61735-0006.flac
expected: before forsaking the shadow of the copse he cast a glance towards the sky and at the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_2: theforeforstheking the shado of the corps he cased a glance towor this ky and let the moon sailing supremly overlit
	layer_4: the fore forcaking the shadow of the corpse he castd a glance tower this ky ad mathe moon sailing supremely overl it
	layer_6: theefoure forsaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glanced toward thi sky and met themoon sailing supremely overl it
	layer_8: bhefoure forsaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance towards the sky and met the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_10: the foreforsaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward the sky and met the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_12: the foreforsaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward the sky and met the moon sailing supremely over it

file: 4153-61735-0007.flac
expected: the droll conceit which has so oft amused the nocturnal inebriate of great cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night patroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his brow disappeared
	layer_2: the draw conset which haes saw ofta mus the nock done l in ebrioe of cart sitiese apperltl produs a like affect upon the night batroler of the prary and forro moment the shado leadt darckening his brow disappeard
	layer_4: the drowl conceit which hare sow oft e muse the knock donal inabriate of ceaetd cities appealto produse a like affect upon the night parroler of the prairiy and for o moment the shadow lat darckening his brow disappeared
	layer_6: the drol conceit which hae so oft amuse the knocdornal inabriat of greate cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night pacroler of the prairie and for a moment the shado latd tarkening his braw disappeared
	layer_8: the drolln conceit which had so oft amused the knoctornal inabriate of great cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night patroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his braw disappeared
	layer_10: the droll conceit which has so oft amused the knoctournal inabriate of great cities appeared to produce a like effect upon the night partroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his braw disappeared
	layer_12: the droll conceit which has so oft mused the nocturnal inabriate of great cities appeared to produce a like effect upon the night partroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his braw disappeared

file: 4153-61735-0008.flac
expected: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can't sleep
	layer_2: tit' not l icely at his ar unlessat be the onor of a bag conscionto conslyp
	layer_4: it's not litely at his are unless it be the ornur of a bagd conscient tho consleep
	layer_6: it's not likely it is our unless it be the ownor of a bad conscience who cansleep
	layer_8: it's not lihkely it is oure unless it be the owner of a bad conscience whou can sleep
	layer_10: it's not likely it is our unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can sleep
	layer_12: it's not likely it is our unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can sleep

file: 4153-61735-0009.flac
expected: troth there's one such within those walls
	layer_2: crotet this on such within thos wald
	layer_4: crut there's one such within those woarlds
	layer_6: crot there's one such within those walds
	layer_8: croth there's one such within those walls
	layer_10: crot there's one such within those walls
	layer_12: crot there's one such within those walls

file: 4153-61735-0010.flac
expected: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_2: if he be a brod thae' a good shance of his seein me un beupen drouned not that i should gae er strow efv it woere only mics if to be confromise
	layer_4: if he be abroad theat's a goodschance of his seeing me on beopen ground not that i should gaeastrow ef it woere only myse ef to be con frommiset
	layer_6: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on be open ground not that i should cuare estraw if it were only myslelfe to be comfromised
	layer_8: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on be open ground not that i should care a straw if it werde only myself to be compromised
	layer_10: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_12: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised

file: 4153-61735-0011.flac
expected: it's no use waiting upon the moon deuce take her
	layer_2: its no use rating upon the morn du stace
	layer_4: its no use wrating upon the moon dustakke
	layer_6: it's no usewating upon the moon dusetaker
	layer_8: it's no use waiting upon the moon jeusdaker
	layer_10: it's no use waiting upon the moon dus dicker
	layer_12: it's no use waiting upon the moon jeusdecker

file: 4153-61735-0012.flac
expected: it is true he had designs upon the hacienda but these did not contemplate either its cash plate or jewellery if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_2: it istrew he had designs upon the hacyender but these did not contivbplate eier itscash fplite orjollly if be eccept the morsprassious julla contend the mistrass of the manch on hersesf
	layer_4: it istre he had designs upon the hasy ender but these did not contiblyte either it s cash flatd or jelry if we accept the moe spresious jul at contend the mistress of the manchiin hersesf
	layer_6: it is strue he had designs upon the hasy ender but these did not contemplate either at scash flat or jewelery if we axcept the moes precious jewel it contained the mistress of the manch in herself
	layer_8: it is true he had designs upon the hassienda but these did not contemplate either at scash plate or jewellry if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mancsion herself
	layer_10: it is true he had designs upon the hacienda but these did not contemplate either at scash flate or jewellry if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_12: it is true he had designs upon the hacienda but these did not contemplate either at scach flate or jewellry if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself

file: 4153-185072-0000.flac
expected: he tarried at genishau a few days and came up to gardow where i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his stay
	layer_2: he taried againisore of few dairs and came up the guardol whenl i then resided he was a perintly without any busimes tee ots af port him but he sawn became acquanted wouth my sun tomise with hom he haunted fouor a long dime and mide his whorme with him at my hous wrentor came mon and he can tine td his da
	layer_4: he taried hat gainashow o few days and came up the gardow wherl i then resided he was apparantly without any business dafots apport him but he soone became acquainted with my son tomise with hom he hunted for a long time and mide his home with him at my house wentercame on and he continue his tay
	layer_6: he tarried at gen ashow a few days and came up the gado whell i then recided he was apparently without any business dhufr fortsupport him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomis with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day
	layer_8: he tarried at geneshawe a few days and came up tho gardo whel i then resided he was apparently without any business dat foult support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his tay
	layer_10: he tarried at gennishaw a few days and came up to gardo whene i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his stay
	layer_12: he tarried at genishaw a few days and came up to gardo when i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his stay

file: 4153-185072-0001.flac
expected: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_2: the enraged hus been we noin thet he should fel oblo if he watat tho har the ourde a peated insanterecreten and went down trheve ut teor his capted
	layer_4: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel o bloow if he waited to hear the order rappeated instancy recreated and went town t revert tor his capttle
	layer_6: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly recreated and went down te river to his cattle
	layer_8: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly recreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_10: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_12: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle

file: 4153-185072-0002.flac
expected: we protected the poor nanticoke woman and gave her victuals and allen sympathized with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promised a reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_2: we protactid the poor a manti ogk woman and gave hervictuus and alinsinpe tised witherd in her miss portuns til s pring when her husbin game to her oc noleie is formalerars and tet he had abused her withoute couse porar mister afimation and sheees ived him with every mark ofve  i newl of her offection
	layer_4: we protected the poor mantic oke woman and gave her vectuals an alinsympetised with her in her misportunes til pring when her husbed came to her acnowlishd his former eres and hat he had abused her without a cause pror mister efomation and she received him withevery mark ofvrrenewl of her offection
	layer_6: we protected the poor manticok woman and gave her victuals an allensympatised with her in her missportunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowlidsged his former a hers and that he had abused her without a cause pror mister deformation and she received him with every mark of renewl of her affection
	layer_8: we protected the poor mantic oak woman and gave her victuals and alen sympathised with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause pro misdter deformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_10: we protected the poor n antiq oakwoman and gave her victuals and alin sympathised with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promiser rdeformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_12: we protected the poor n antiq oakwoman and gave her victuals and alen sympathised with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promised er deformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection

file: 4153-185072-0003.flac
expected: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wampum was cordially accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardently wished for
	layer_2: the indiant weas son ancsrd by the amarican officer that the wan om wos scord the axcepted and that a continuens of peace was ardencyrishdfor
	layer_4: the indiancs were soon answered by the amerrican offica that the wankem wos scordo the accepted and that a continuancs of pece was ardency wished for
	layer_6: the indians wes soon answered by the american officer that the wonkwum whose cordilly accepted and that a continuance of peace was arderncy wished for
	layer_8: the indians wes soon answered by the american officer that the wonkwem whose scorgilly accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardency wished for
	layer_10: the indians wese soon answered by the american officer that the wonqwum whos corgilly accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardenty wished for
	layer_12: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wonquum whos corgially accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardenty wished for

file: 4153-185072-0004.flac
expected: my son thomas went with them with allen's horse and carried the goods
	layer_2: my sundormis wend with them with aslan's hose and carre the goodd
	layer_4: my sandormis went with them with aslan's horse and carried the good
	layer_6: my san tormis went with them with asland's horse and carried the good
	layer_8: my sant tomis went with them with aland's horse and carried the good
	layer_10: my san thomis went with them with alan's horse and carried the good
	layer_12: my san thomis went with them with allan's horse and carried the good

file: 4153-185072-0005.flac
expected: allen on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagara and nettles who married priscilla ramsay with a small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_2: as en on findingmhat his enemies ad gone cime bauck to my house here he lived as before but off his dri dorne theye wease swun noto fidtat my agra and neteles whommaried ressellaamse with his morle bat ty of indgians came antd to take him
	layer_4: al in on findingthat his enemies had gone cime back to my house where he lived as before but of is returne they wase sol no tifytat nyagra and nettls who maried reselaramse with his moll party of indians came ont take him
	layer_6: alin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of is return they wars soon notified at niagara and nettles who married riscelaram say with tha small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_8: alin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagra and nettles who married ricela ram sey with the small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_10: alin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagara and nettles who married bricella ramse with a small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_12: alin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagara and nettles who married bricella ramseh with a small party of indians came on to take him

file: 4153-185072-0006.flac
expected: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and allen all in tatters came in
	layer_2: netils atlength a bandin the chase went hom and adin alen tatos came on
	layer_4: nettles at length abandond the chase went home an alen allen tators came in
	layer_6: nettles at length abandone the chase went home an alin oll in tatas came in
	layer_8: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and alen all intaters came in
	layer_10: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and alin all in tatter's came in
	layer_12: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and alin all in tatter's came in

file: 4153-185072-0007.flac
expected: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_2: by raning in the wood his clar hing had become torn in telags to that he wash an asatering condition ort wos naked
	layer_4: by running in the wood his clothing had become torn in te lags to that he was an a sufering condition al mwast naked
	layer_6: by running in the woods his clothing had become ton into lags so that he was in a suffering condition almos naked
	layer_8: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into lags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_10: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into lags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_12: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into lags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked

file: 4153-185072-0008.flac
expected: allen made his trowsers himself and then built a raft on which he went down the river to his own place at mount morris
	layer_2: a len made his trouses himself and then bilt alahd on which he wet dow tha river to his oan pleass at mont modise
	layer_4: aslen made his trouses himself and hen bilt alaughed on which he wet dow the river to his own plece at mornedt moris
	layer_6: alend made his trouses himself and then built olaughed on which he went dout the river to his own place at mournt morris
	layer_8: allan made his trouses himself and then built a laughed on which he went down the river to his own place at mornt marics
	layer_10: alin made his trouses himself and then built a laugh on which he went down the river to his own place at mount maurics
	layer_12: alin made his trouses himself and then built a laugh on which he went down the river to his own place at mount maurics

file: 4153-185072-0009.flac
expected: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beard's town where he found his squaw
	layer_2: there and ind in give himsomerseshment andi good gune with which he hased and on to little beardsdown bery he found his cor
	layer_4: there and ingian give him some receshment and a good gun with which he hastdend on to little beards down bher he found his cour
	layer_6: there an ingiant gave him some refeshment and a good gun with which he hasteened on to little beards tdown where he found his corp
	layer_8: there an indan gave him some refeshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little bieards down where he found his corp
	layer_10: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beard's down where he found his corps
	layer_12: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beard's down where he found his corps

file: 4153-185072-0010.flac
expected: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardow
	layer_2: not darling to lis consel f at that plese fofer of being given u hemae her but a shrt visit and caime immediaty to gardl
	layer_4: not dareing to tisk hinself at that pleace for fear of being given up he mae her but a shot visit and came immediately to gardow
	layer_6: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to guardow
	layer_8: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardo
	layer_10: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardo
	layer_12: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardo

file: 4153-185072-0011.flac
expected: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former castle of safety
	layer_2: the love of liboty however idded to his naturals fifness gave himsufficienstrencth to makeus ascae to his forma casl of safety
	layer_4: the love of liboty however idded to his naturals wifness gave himsufficientstrength to make his escape to his former casle of safety
	layer_6: the love of liberty however aded to his natura's fiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his formerl caszle of safety
	layer_8: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former casl of safety
	layer_10: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former casl of safety
	layer_12: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former casel of safety

file: 4153-185072-0012.flac
expected: his pursuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_2: his pose u as came immediately tmy house what te expected to have found him secreted and onder my prdection
	layer_4: his bossuwas came immediately to my house whatle expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_6: his possuas came immediately to my house wed ly expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_8: his pussues came immediately to my house bethey expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_10: his pursues came immediately to my house wed they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_12: his pursues came immediately to my house wed they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection

file: 4153-185072-0013.flac
expected: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to myself i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally they left me
	layer_2: stil lan satefiged and outing my war asity they hadviced my indiin brother to you ws his infruence too drowfrom me the se cilt of his conslment which they had mydteasthat i canstidhaut of grateimpartants nort only to him but tomyses i pusisted in myagniins of his ituation and finilesy left me
	layer_4: stilansatisfihtd and doubting mywirasity they advise my indian brother to ous his infuence to draw from me pesecit of his conselement which they had nideat that i consid art of drat importance nor only to him but to mysess i perssisted in my agnerince of hisituation and finyllyasa left me
	layer_6: still ansatisfied and doubting my viracity they adviced my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance no only to him but to myces i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally s e eleft me
	layer_8: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance nort only to him but to my sels i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally shey left me
	layer_10: still unsatisfied undoubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to my self i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally the left me
	layer_12: still unsatisfied undoubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to myself i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally the left me

file: 4153-185072-0014.flac
expected: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_2: he camep to my hous ind th night and a walk me with the greatest caution perling that some of his enemes might be watching to the  him ata diae when and in op place ware it would be impasible for him to make is escape
	layer_4: he came to my house ind the night and a walk me with a greatest caution frling that some of his enemies might be watching to theyke him at a time when and in o place where it would be impasible for him to make his es cape
	layer_6: he came to my house in the night and awalkeme with a greatest caution ferling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place whare it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_8: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution feairling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_10: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_12: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape

file: 4153-185072-0015.flac
expected: at that time allen lay in a secret place in the gulph a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_2: at that time islin la in a secret place in the gutse a shot distanc above my lat in a wholr that he acidently found in the rok neaothereve
	layer_4: at that time alentlay in a secret place in the guls a short distance above my flat in a whol at he accidently found in the rock nearthe river
	layer_6: at that time island lay in a secret place in the gulls a short distance above my flats in a whole that he accidently found in the rock near the river
	layer_8: at that time island lay in a secret place in the gulfs a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_10: at that time island lay in a secret place in the gulf a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_12: at that time island lay in a secret place in the gulf a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river

file: 1701-141760-0000.flac
expected: the pavlograds held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to olmutz to visit a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently opened a restaurant there with girls as waitresses
	layer_2: the poe lof grads hal fest after feast celerating a wards they hadrocei for the campain and made expeditions to allmots divisa assorthaon corelieno hungrion who had recently openerestron dere with girlses witctreces
	layer_4: the povlove grods held feast after feast celebrating a wards they had received for the campagn and made expeditions to allmots divisar ascercain caroline the hungirian who had recently open arestjraont der with girls a's wectreies
	layer_6: the pravlov grads held feast after feast celebrating a wards they had received for the campaigne and made expeditions to all motes divissa a certain carolyine the hungarian who had recently open a restaurantder with girls as waitrsses
	layer_8: the pravlovgruds held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all mots de visa a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently open a restaurant dher with girls as uaitrasses
	layer_10: the pavlov gruds held feast after feast celebrating a wards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all moats de viset a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently opend a restaurant there with girls as waitrisses
	layer_12: the pavlov grudds held feast after feast celebrating a wards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all moats de veset a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently opened a restaurant there with girls as waitresses

file: 1701-141760-0001.flac
expected: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline
	layer_2: the garset mede ter whole marh as thif on a plasuu trip perading thei flaineliness and disippln
	layer_4: the gards ad mee their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading theiy clainlyness and disippline
	layer_6: the guards had meedt their whole march as if on a pleasure trip perading their clainliness and discipline
	layer_8: the guards had meete their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline
	layer_10: the guards had mete their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline
	layer_12: the guards had mete their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline

file: 1701-141760-0002.flac
expected: the regiments had entered and left the town with their bands playing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the way in step a practice on which the guards prided themselves the officers on foot and at their proper posts
	layer_2: the retcumeat s ad entwered and left te tone with their ban's pleayig and by the gran uec's orders de men had marched all the we in step a practis on wich the gars pradyd themselves the officers on fooit and at their properporse
	layer_4: the regamens had entered and left de tone with their band's pleaing and by the grandukes orders demen had marched all the wee in step a practie on which the guards praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper pos
	layer_6: the regiments had entered and left the tone with their binds pleaing and by the granduke's orders themen had marched all the whea ind step a practie on which the guards praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper porse
	layer_8: the regiments had entered and left te tone with their bands pleaing and by the granduke's orders the men had marched all the wa and step a practice on which the guards praided themselves the officers on foot and at their proper porst
	layer_10: the regiments had entered and left ta towne with their bands pleaing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the wa an step a practice on which the guards praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper poise
	layer_12: the regiments had entered and left ta towne with their bands pleaing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the wa an step a practice on which the guards praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper pourse

file: 1701-141760-0003.flac
expected: boris had been quartered and had marched all the way with berg who was already in command of a company
	layer_2: bor a shed eing corserts a had marcht all the wy with burg who was olready incommind evf a company
	layer_4: boras had been quarserts and had marched all the wey with burk who was already incommind hof accompany
	layer_6: borus had been quarterd and had marched all the weay with burg who was already in commind of accompany
	layer_8: boris had been quartered and had marched all the way with burg who was already in command of a company
	layer_10: borrus had been quartered and had marched all the way with burge who was already in command of a company
	layer_12: borus had been quartered and had marched all the way with burg who was already in command of a company

file: 1701-141760-0004.flac
expected: boris during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonski through whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander in chief's staff
	layer_2: boros dur ing te coampan had midey acquintencs of many parsons who mit profeuseul to him and by alesttr af recumendation he had broaght from per had becomaquenty with prince and dre bo consky though whom he hoked to obten a poset on the commandren chief stuff
	layer_4: borrows during the campan had mede th acquentince of many persons who might prov useful to him and by a lett ter of recummendation he had brough from per had become aquenty with prince and drew ball consky though whom he hopped to obtin ar post on the commandrand chief stuff
	layer_6: borras during the campign had made the acquintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become a quinty with prince andrew bal konsky though whom he hopped to obtin a post on the commandrin chief staff
	layer_8: boros during the campign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquinted with prince andrew balkonsky thoh whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander n chief staff
	layer_10: boras during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquinted with prince andrew bolkonsky though whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander in chiefstaff
	layer_12: borras during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonsky though whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander in chiefstaff

file: 1701-141760-0005.flac
expected: berg and boris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters allotted to them playing chess
	layer_2: burk and borus having rested after yestithese march were sising clean and nedly dresst at arrone teble in teclen quarters a loted to them plain ches
	layer_4: burgk and boras huding rested after yes idy's march were sitting clean an needly dressed at a roun teble in dheclean quarters a lotted to them plan chets
	layer_6: berg and borras having rested after yestedy's march were sitting clean and needly dressed at a round teble in the clen quarters aelotty to them plainchess
	layer_8: burgk and boris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters a lotted to them plain chess
	layer_10: burg and borus having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters allotted to them pleain chess
	layer_12: burg and borus having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters allotted to them pleain chess

file: 1701-141760-0006.flac
expected: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_2: well how a you gwen togest rs of thats he remard
	layer_4: well how are you going to get ut of that's he remarked
	layer_6: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_8: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_10: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_12: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked

file: 1701-141760-0007.flac
expected: at that moment the door opened
	layer_2: at thatmomenthe door open
	layer_4: it that momenthe door opened
	layer_6: at that moment the door opened
	layer_8: at that moment the door opened
	layer_10: at that moment the door opened
	layer_12: at that moment the door opened

file: 1701-141760-0008.flac
expected: dear me how you have changed
	layer_2: dear me h you hae chaed
	layer_4: dear me how you have changed
	layer_6: dear me how you have changed
	layer_8: dear me how you have changed
	layer_10: dear me how you have changed
	layer_12: dear me how you have changed

file: 1701-141760-0009.flac
expected: he was about to embrace his friend but nicholas avoided him
	layer_2: he ws hebot to inbrace his friends but necles a voided hem
	layer_4: he was abote to imbrace his friends but neckleas avided herm
	layer_6: he was about to embraze his friends but nichola avoided hem
	layer_8: he was about to emburaize his friends but nicholas avoided him
	layer_10: he was about to embrace his friends but nicholas avoided him
	layer_12: he was about to embrace his friends but nicholas avoided him

file: 1701-141760-0010.flac
expected: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_2: he want i a pensh him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody diod
	layer_4: he wanted o pinc him push him do anything but kiss thim a thing everybody did
	layer_6: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him i think everybody did
	layer_8: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him i think everybody did
	layer_10: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him i think everybody did
	layer_12: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him i think everybody did

file: 1701-141760-0011.flac
expected: but notwithstanding this boris embraced him in a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times
	layer_2: but not was standin ne sporaus in braced hom an a quit friendly we and kise him three times
	layer_4: but not with standing ners sporas anbraced him an a quiete friendly we and kissed him three times
	layer_6: but notwithstanding nure sporras embraced him and a quiet friendly we and kissed him three times
	layer_8: but notwithstanding nee borrus embraced him an a quiet friendly we and kissed him three times
	layer_10: but notwithstanding lerse borris embraced him and a quiet friendly wa and kissed him three times
	layer_12: but notwithstanding lers boris embraced him and a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times

file: 1701-141760-0012.flac
expected: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men take their first steps on life's road each saw immense changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_2: they had not mate fornearlyng half or year an bing of the age ween young mantide ai firstaps and lifct rod eath saw immang hangees in the other quiste r nu reflation of the society in whers the ad takenose forsteps
	layer_4: they had not ment for nearly half a year and being of the age when young mantet ha first steps and life's road each saw imened changes in the other quite a new reflaction of the society in whirchd the had taken os first steps
	layer_6: they had not ment for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men ti hair first steps an life's rods each saw imanged changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which theyhad taken ose first steps
	layer_8: they had not ment for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tite their first steps and lifes roads each saw imansed changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_10: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tit their first steps on live's roads each saw imang's changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_12: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tit their first steps on live's roads each saw iman's changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps

file: 1701-141760-0013.flac
expected: i did not expect you today he added
	layer_2: a did not expei tody he adeds
	layer_4: i did not expa to y he added
	layer_6: i did not expease to re he added
	layer_8: i did not expa tari he added
	layer_10: i did not ex pae teddie he added
	layer_12: i did not ex pae teddie he added

file: 1701-141760-0014.flac
expected: you know of course that his imperial highness rode with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_2: you know of course et his imperlial hinuss rod with ou redgimen all the time so that we had every comfort and every advontage
	layer_4: yo know of course at his imperlial higness rode with our regimen all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_6: ye know of course at his impeleaol highness rud with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort in every advantage
	layer_8: ye know of course at his imperial highness rude with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort an every advantage
	layer_10: ye know of course that his imperial highness rod with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort in every advantage
	layer_12: ye know of course that his imperial highness rud with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort in every advantage

file: 1701-141760-0015.flac
expected: what receptions we had in poland
	layer_2: what resetions we had im polens
	layer_4: what receptions we had i palens
	layer_6: what receptions we had in palans
	layer_8: what receptions we had in poulans
	layer_10: what receptions we had in poland's
	layer_12: what receptions we had in poland's

file: 1701-141760-0016.flac
expected: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_2: what diners an balls i can't tell you
	layer_4: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_6: what dinners an balls i can't tell you
	layer_8: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_10: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_12: what dinners and balls i can't tell you

file: 1701-141760-0017.flac
expected: oh you guards said rostov i say send for some wine
	layer_2: ol you gard said rostoff i sea setfa come wine
	layer_4: oh you gord said rostoff i say sepacsome wine
	layer_6: oe you guard said rostov i sea sear some wine
	layer_8: o you guard said rostov i see seve some wine
	layer_10: oh you guard said rostov i see seber some wine
	layer_12: oh you guard said rostov i see sever some wine

file: 1701-141760-0018.flac
expected: he went to his bed drew a purse from under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_2: he went o his bed drew  parsmon to the clen pillow and sent for wine
	layer_4: he went to his bed drew a pars ame one to the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_6: he went to his bed drew a parsum under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_8: he went to his bed drew a parsnm under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_10: he went to his bed drew a parsum under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_12: he went to his bed drew a parsom under the clean pillow and sent for wine

file: 1701-141760-0019.flac
expected: yes and i have some money and a letter to give you he added
	layer_2: yesand i have some money in alesctes to gief u he ates
	layer_4: yes ad i have some money in aleters to give you he addeds
	layer_6: yes and i have some money in a letters to give you he added
	layer_8: yes and i have some money and a letter's to give you he added
	layer_10: yes and i have some money and a letters to give you he added
	layer_12: yes and i have some money and a letters to give you he added

file: 1701-141760-0020.flac
expected: oh don't mention it count i quite understand said berg getting up and speaking in a muffled and guttural voice
	layer_2: al don't mantion ate cont a quat hund de stane swaid bokg getting u in speaking an a muffledind gotzer l voice
	layer_4: oll don't mention ate coant a quaite understand said bok getting up and speaking an a muffled and goteral voice
	layer_6: i'l don't mention at coant i quite understand said borke getting up and speaking an a muffled and gotteral voice
	layer_8: i don't mention at coant i quit understand said boke getting up and speaking in a muffled and guttural voice
	layer_10: i don't mention at cont i quite understand said borg getting up and speaking in a muffled and gutturael voice
	layer_12: i don't mention at cont i quite understand said borg getting up and speaking in a muffled and guttural voice

file: 1701-141760-0021.flac
expected: go across to our hosts they invited you added boris
	layer_2: go cros to ourhos they inviteg you ided boras
	layer_4: gor cross to our hose they invited you aded borras
	layer_6: gocross tyou our horse they invited you aded borus
	layer_8: gor cross to our horse they invited you added boris
	layer_10: gor cross to our horse they invited you added boras
	layer_12: gor cross to our horse they invited you added boras

file: 1701-141760-0022.flac
expected: berg put on the cleanest of coats without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed the hair on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having assured himself from the way rostov looked at it that his coat had been noticed left the room with a pleasant smile
	layer_2: brg pit on theceenest of cous withot a spot or specke of dust stipd before a looking glass and brushed to her on his temples up wors and the way affacted by the amper alexignder and having insuret himself rom the wa rost of looke tat its that his couthad be notest left te romer the plaseat smile
	layer_4: brk bit on theclenest of couts without a spot or speck of dust stid before a looking glass and brushd the hear on his temples upwards in the way affacted by the empero allexignder and having in sured himself from the way rost of looke tatit that his cout had been notist left te room er the plasat smile
	layer_6: burgpit on the clenest of courts without a spot or spek of dust stid before a looking glass and brushd the hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexinder and having insured himself from the way rostof looked at it that his court had been noticed left the rom of the plasant smile
	layer_8: berg pit on the cleanest of courtsz without a spot or speck of dust stid before a looking glass and brushed the her on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rostov looked at it that his couat had been noticed left the room of the plasant smile
	layer_10: berg pit on the cleanest of courts without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushd the hair on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rostov looked at it that his court had been noticed left the room oft a pleasant smile
	layer_12: berg pit on the cleanest of courts without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed the hair on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rostov looked at it that his court had been noticed left the room of a pleasant smile

file: 1701-141760-0023.flac
expected: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostov as he read the letter why
	layer_2: ol dea was a best di ir muttha' rostof has e red the lasser why
	layer_4: oh dear was a beast i ar muttared rostof as he read the lat ter why
	layer_6: oh dear was a beast i ar muttered rostoff as he read the latter why
	layer_8: oh dear whats a beast i ar muttered rostov as he read the letter why
	layer_10: oh dear what a beast i a muttered rostov as he read the letter why
	layer_12: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostov as he read the letter why

file: 1701-141760-0024.flac
expected: well have you sent gabriel for some wine all right let's have some
	layer_2: well have you sant gave r afor csome wye al roight las hav so
	layer_4: well have you sant gabri l for some whie all right lact have some
	layer_6: well have you sank gibriel for some wide all right lace have some
	layer_8: well have you sent gabriael for some wide all right lice have some
	layer_10: well have you sent gabriel for some wit all right lice have some
	layer_12: well have you sent gabriel for some wigt all right lice have some

file: 1701-141760-0025.flac
expected: in the letter from his parents was enclosed a letter of recommendation to bagration which the old countess at anna mikhaylovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_2: and eletie from his parence was inclsed he letr of recumendation to bugretion where h the old cronters at anamcaollofnes advice had obtenthru an a quintence and sent to her son askkheeme  tike to is deasttination and meke use of it
	layer_4: an teleter from his parence was inclused the letter of recummendation to bu gretion whireh the old contess ad anamical ovness advice had obtend throug an acquentence and sent to her son askime o tik it to is destination and meke youse of it
	layer_6: in the letstere from his parents was enclsed the letter of recommendition to begrisian which the old contessad anamicalovna's advice had obtaine through an acquintance and sent to her son aske him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_8: in the letter from his parents was inclosed a letter of recommendation to bagrecian which the old countess at anna micylovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_10: in the letter from his parents was inclosed a letter of recommendation to pagrecian which the old countess ad anna mikhalovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_12: in the letter from his parents was inclosed a letter of recommendation to bagrecian which the old countess at anna mikhalovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it

file: 1701-141760-0026.flac
expected: why have you thrown that away asked boris
	layer_2: why if yo thrgw not away askedbors
	layer_4: why if you thrw not away asked orrus
	layer_6: why have you throw tat away asked borus
	layer_8: why have you throw that away asked boris
	layer_10: why have you thrown that away asked arras
	layer_12: why have you thrown that away asked orris

file: 1701-141760-0027.flac
expected: it is some letter of recommendation what the devil do i want it for
	layer_2: itis some lettor rectuendeshoen what tha deail do i want it for
	layer_4: it i's some letter o reckmindea shoun what the devill do i want it for
	layer_6: it is some letter of recqomindee should what the devil do i want it for
	layer_8: it is some letter of recindi shoand what the devil do i want it for
	layer_10: it is some letter of rekuindi shand what the devil do i want it for
	layer_12: it is some letter of re kuindi shand what the devil do i want it for

file: 1701-141760-0028.flac
expected: he looked intently and inquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_2: he lked antently uninquirenly ito his friends eyes evidently tryingin ven do find the uncwe ti some question
	layer_4: he loked indtently un inquirengly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in ven to find te answerd to some question
	layer_6: he loked intently un inquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in ven to find the answer to some question
	layer_8: he loked intently andinquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_10: he looked intently and inquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_12: he looked intently and inquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question

file: 1701-141760-0029.flac
expected: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed because i knew i was right
	layer_2: which hou be lieve it koants i was not as all ar larmed oes i knew i wash rihte
	layer_4: woich you believe it count i was not atall arlarmed whost i knew i was wright
	layer_6: would you believe at count i was not at all alarmed wha i knew i was right
	layer_8: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed thut i knew i was right
	layer_10: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed tat i knew i was right
	layer_12: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed tat i knew i was right

file: 1701-141760-0030.flac
expected: i came forward berg stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_2: i cane faorwart beurkstod up and should how he presented himself with his hand t who his cap and really it would hv ben difficult for a fasce t express greato respect and self complacencee than hisded
	layer_4: i ceme forward berkstood up and shouled how he presented himself with his hand two his cap and really it would hav been difficult for a face to express greate respect and self complacancy then his dead
	layer_6: i came forward berke stood up and should how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than hisdid
	layer_8: i came forward berk stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_10: i came forward burk stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_12: i came forward burg stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did

file: 1701-141760-0031.flac
expected: well he stormed at me as the saying is stormed and stormed and stormed
	layer_2: well he stonmed it me as he sang as stoned and stomed and stormed
	layer_4: well he starmed it me as e sing is stomed and starmed andstormed
	layer_6: well he stormed at me as the saying as starmed and starmed and stormed
	layer_8: well he stormed at me as the saying is staormed and stormed and stormed
	layer_10: well he stormed at me as the saying is staormed and stormed and stormed
	layer_12: well he stormed at me as the saying is stormed and stormed and stormed

file: 1701-141760-0032.flac
expected: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the saying is
	layer_2: it was not a math of life but rader of death a the sing as
	layer_4: it was not ta mucter of life but rathr of death as the sing is
	layer_6: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seing is
	layer_8: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seing is
	layer_10: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seing is
	layer_12: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seeing is

file: 1701-141760-0033.flac
expected: albanians and devils and to siberia said berg with a sagacious smile
	layer_2: i'l badiins and devols an two si be ria said burk with a sugacious smile
	layer_4: ilbadians and devils and too syberia said burk with a sigacious smile
	layer_6: albadians and devils and two siberia said berg with a sagicious smile
	layer_8: albadians and devils and two siberia said berg with a sagacious smile
	layer_10: albedians and devils and two siberia said burg with a sagacious smile
	layer_12: albedians and devils and two siberia said burg with a sagacious smile

file: 1701-141760-0034.flac
expected: still i remained silent and what do you think count
	layer_2: still i remein silent at what o you thin cot
	layer_4: still i remen silent a what dr you think cout
	layer_6: still i remained silent a what dore you think coat
	layer_8: still i remained silent anwhat do you think coat
	layer_10: still i remained silent a what do you think coat
	layer_12: still i remained silent at what do you think coate

file: 1701-141760-0035.flac
expected: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the day
	layer_2: the naxt tay it was not ivin mention in he arterse of tho day
	layer_4: the nextstay it was not evinmentiond in the orders of the da
	layer_6: the next sday it was not even mentioned in the orders of the da
	layer_8: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the day
	layer_10: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the da
	layer_12: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the d

file: 1701-141760-0036.flac
expected: that's the way count said berg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smoke
	layer_2: that's the war cout said bark lighting his pipe and mitting rings af smark
	layer_4: that's the way cont said burg lighting his pipe and imitting rings af smark
	layer_6: that's the way count said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smork
	layer_8: that's the way current said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smork
	layer_10: that's the way current said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smork
	layer_12: that's the way current said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smork

file: 1701-141760-0037.flac
expected: yes that was fine said rostov smiling
	layer_2: yrs tat was fins ad rost of smily
	layer_4: yes that was fans and rostoff smiling
	layer_6: yes thaht was fins and rostoff smiling
	layer_8: yes that was finet said rostovf smiling
	layer_10: yes that was fine said rostov smiling
	layer_12: yes that was fine said rostov smiling

file: 1701-141760-0038.flac
expected: rostov was a truthful young man and would on no account have told a deliberate lie
	layer_2: rost op with a chrisfull young man and wid u no a cate have told the delipberat li
	layer_4: rost o with a treeseful young man and we d ire know a caut have told ter deliburate lie
	layer_6: rosto with a trueful young man and wit on know a cat have told he deliberate lie
	layer_8: rosto wish a truceful young man and wid o noah kade have told a deliberate lie
	layer_10: rostov was a truceful young man and wuld on noah cate have told a deliberate lie
	layer_12: rostov was a truceful young man and wuld on noah cate have told a deliberate lie

file: 1701-141760-0039.flac
expected: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he lapsed into falsehood
	layer_2: he begant his storit menin to tellt ever thing jutes a happend tbe inpercetsibly involunterily an inevitibly he elapesd tince of falsut
	layer_4: he began his story meaning to tell ever thing just as at happened but impercetibly involunterrily an inevitably he lapesdtanto falsuit
	layer_6: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into fal suit
	layer_8: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but impercetibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into fal suit
	layer_10: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into fall suit
	layer_12: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into fall suit

file: 1701-141760-0040.flac
expected: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed toward boris who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_2: prince an drewho light to help youn man was floted by bei ask for hes as sistance and being well dhi spos to wardse borus who had manighed to plea semde da before he wish to doyo what tyoung mn wantede
	layer_4: prince andrew who light to help young man was flottered by being aske for has assistance and being well dispose towards borus who had managed to please emdiday before he wishd to doyou what e young man wanted
	layer_6: prince andrew who litd to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards borus who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_8: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards borus who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_10: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards borras who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_12: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards boras who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted

file: 1701-141760-0041.flac
expected: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical tone in spite of the contempt with which rostov from his fighting army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently one rostov felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_2: i spate r prince andres disigryabol i ranical ton ispate of the contamt with which rostoff from his faighting army point of vyew regarded all hease lettl agitencs on dhe staff of harm te new come e was evidently one rosto felt confused belushed and became silent
	layer_4: i spate or prince andrews disagreeabore ironical tune in spate of the contene with which rostoff from his faigting army point of view regarded all these little agutance un de staff of hom the new comee was evidently one rost of felt confused bilushed and became silent
	layer_6: in spate of prince andrew's disagreeaboe aronical tun ins spate of the content with which rostofvf from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of hom the newcomer was evidently one rost off felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_8: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical tun in spite of the content with which rostoff from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently won rostoff felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_10: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical tun in spite of the content with which rostof from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently won rostov felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_12: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical tun in spite of the content with which rostof from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently won rostof felt confused blushed and became silent

file: 1701-141760-0042.flac
expected: boris inquired what news there might be on the staff and what without indiscretion one might ask about our plans
	layer_2: bor asin quied what nws thar maht be on dherstaff and whatcs with ouh indiscretion one may askuby t ur plans
	layer_4: borus inquired what news there might be ondher staff and wats werehouht indiscretion one may asked bouct ur plans
	layer_6: borus inquired what news there might be on the staff and wats without indiscretion one may ask about our plans
	layer_8: boris inquired what news there might be on the staff and whats without indiscretion one may ask about your plans
	layer_10: boris inquired what news there might be on the staff and whats without indiscretion one may ask about your plans
	layer_12: borus inquired what news there might be on the staff and what without indiscretion one may ask about your plans

file: 1701-141760-0043.flac
expected: we shall probably advance replied bolkonski evidently reluctant to say more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_2: we shall promably advundce replied ba croskuy evidently relucted to seeme more in de presoencs of astranger
	layer_4: we shall promably advance replied bacoskui evidently reluctedt to see more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_6: we shall probably advance replied bokoski evidently reluctit to see more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_8: we shall prombably advance replied boukoski evidently reluctedt to see more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_10: we shall probably advance replied bolkoski evidently reluctant to see more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_12: we shall probably advance replied bolkoski evidently reluctant to see more in the presence of a stranger

file: 1701-141760-0044.flac
expected: berg took the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumored the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled
	layer_2: burktat the opprotunite to ask with great polihteness where ther as wash remuors the ellowins auforage monee to captcains of companie s whud be doubled
	layer_4: berk at the opportunity to ask with great politeness where ther as wash rumeres the allowinc of forage money to captains of companies who be doubled
	layer_6: berk at the opportunity to ask with great politeness wherethe as was rumoured the allowance of forige money to captains of companies whore be doubled
	layer_8: burked ot the opportunity to ask with great politeness wheether as was rumoured the allowance of forage money to captains of companies were be doubled
	layer_10: burke tok the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumoured the allowance of forage money to captains of companies wo be doubled
	layer_12: burke took the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumoured the allowance of forage money to captains of companies wo bedoubled

file: 1701-141760-0045.flac
expected: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp
	layer_2: i was sthear sid rost of angra as if intendi to insault the i decamp
	layer_4: i was tere said rost of angroi as if intending to insult they ad de camp
	layer_6: i was stere said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the ad de camp
	layer_8: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp
	layer_10: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp
	layer_12: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp

file: 1701-141760-0046.flac
expected: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes there are many stories now told about that affair
	layer_2: wir a sligntly contentus smy lel he said yesk that i many storyes now told hr wat that afear
	layer_4: whith a slantly contemptous smile he said yes that i many stories kno tol he bat that afer
	layer_6: with a slintly contemptus smile he said yes that i many stories no tald about that affear
	layer_8: with a slinhtly contemptuous smile he said yes that a many stories now talde about that affear
	layer_10: with a slinhtly contemptuous smile he said yes that are many stories now told about that affar
	layer_12: with a slignhtly contemptuous smile he said yes that are many stories now told about that affair

file: 1701-141760-0047.flac
expected: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_2: but aurstoryes of the stoies of man who have pin under the eneymis fire
	layer_4: but our stories ofe the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_6: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_8: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_10: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_12: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire

file: 1701-141760-0048.flac
expected: our stories have some weight not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_2: i mrstorys havf som weit not like the stlories of those fellows on the staff who get re was owr thou doin eneythin
	layer_4: i er stories half some weits not like the thories of thse fellows on the staff who get rewas wrehout doing anything
	layer_6: i re stories half some wheagt not like the sthories of those fellows on the staff who get rewars without doing anything
	layer_8: our stories have some wheat not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_10: our stories have some wheat not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_12: our stories have some wheat not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything

file: 1701-141760-0049.flac
expected: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_2: however he aded risiy you no my name and were to fine me bet doon't forget that i do not regad i thng myself or you as having been i toll in sulteds and as a man aldt eo than you my hadvice es tell it the matter drop
	layer_4: however he added rising you know my name and where to fine me but don't forget that i do note regod either myself or you as having been atall insalted and as a man all ter than you my hadvice is tol it the matter drop
	layer_6: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insalted and as a man alder than you my advicees tollet the matter drop
	layer_8: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man oldher than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_10: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_12: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop

file: 1701-141760-0050.flac
expected: exclaimed prince andrew and with a bow to them both he went out
	layer_2: excleime prince audru and wash a botof them borth he wentot
	layer_4: exclime prince oun drew and with a boat to them borth he went out
	layer_6: exclimed prince aundrew and with te boat of them borth he went out
	layer_8: exclaimed prince andrew and with ta boat of them borth he went out
	layer_10: exclaimed prince andrew and with the boat of them both he went out
	layer_12: exclaimed prince andrew and with tha boat of them both he went out

file: 1701-141760-0051.flac
expected: and he was still more angry at having omitted to say it
	layer_2: and he was stlnl more an ret having o mite to sairs
	layer_4: and he was stell more angrid having a mittye to sairs
	layer_6: and he was stell more angryt having amitted to sairs
	layer_8: and he was still more angry at having omitteed to sas
	layer_10: and he was still more angry at having ommitted to sayrs
	layer_12: and he was still more angry at having ommitted to sayrs

file: 1701-141760-0052.flac
expected: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave of boris rode home
	layer_2: he arded his horse at os and couldly tek inleaver bors rog hom
	layer_4: he arded his harse at once and coldly teakhing leave r boras rode home
	layer_6: he ordered his hearse at once and coldly taking leavbores roge home
	layer_8: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking lever bars rode home
	layer_10: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave of bares rode home
	layer_12: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave of bares rode home

file: 1701-141760-0053.flac
expected: should he go to headquarters next day and challenge that affected adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the way
	layer_2: shod he go to had quars es nokedy and chaln nged tht affated agiutent a raly let the matter drop wats the qrestion that woie him all the we
	layer_4: should he gost o head quarters naxsty and challnage that affated igitant ar really let the atter drop was dhe question that woride him all the weey
	layer_6: should he gos toheadquarters nexsdy and chalnnge that efated adjutant or really let them atter drop was the question that waried him all the wee
	layer_8: should he go to headquarters nextday and chalnenge that affated adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the we
	layer_10: should he go to head quarters next day and challenge that a fated adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the we
	layer_12: should he go to head quarters next day and challenge tha a fated adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the wee

file: 1701-141759-0000.flac
expected: it was long since the rostovs had news of nicholas
	layer_2: it was longs ins r rosto shaid nes of nechoous
	layer_4: it was longs ins arostos had news of neckhlas
	layer_6: it was long since erostos had news of nicolas
	layer_8: it was long since erostos had news of nicholas
	layer_10: it was long since erostovs had news of nicholas
	layer_12: it was long since erostovs had news of nicholas

file: 1701-141759-0001.flac
expected: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_2: not tol mit wenter was the coin tat last handid elahtte addressten his sns handriting
	layer_4: not tilmidwinter was the cont at last handit a letter addressed an his son'handrating
	layer_6: not til midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwrating
	layer_8: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's hand writing
	layer_10: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_12: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting

file: 1701-141759-0002.flac
expected: on receiving it he ran on tiptoe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter
	layer_2: on receiving its he ranontip t a to his study an a larm and hast tring tou oescep notes closd te door and began to re deleter
	layer_4: on receiving it he ran ontip to to his study and a larm and haste trying to rescepe notis close the door and begain to redeletter
	layer_6: on receiving it he ran on tipto to his study in alarm and haste trying to rescape notice close the door and began to rediletter
	layer_8: on receiving it he ran on tipto to his study in alarm and hast trying to escape notice closed the door and began to retheletter
	layer_10: on receiving it he ran on tip toe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter
	layer_12: on receiving it he ran on tip toe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter

file: 1701-141759-0003.flac
expected: each time that these hints began to make the countess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikhaylovna the latter very adroitly turned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_2: eash tine tat these hens began to mee the tontes anxiuous and she glansd uneasilly at the kont and it anamecallo no the lato a very addroytdly tuned de conversiation to insignifvficen maters
	layer_4: each tine that these hence begun to meet the contes anxious and she glanced uneasily at the cont and at ana micoloveno the later very addroyetdly turned he conversation to ensignificant matters
	layer_6: each tine that these hence begun to meet the contesse anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anne micolovna the later very adroedly turned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_8: each time at these hente began to meet the contess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikolovna the latter very adroytly turned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_10: each time at these hents began to meet the contess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikalovna the latter very adroyatly turned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_12: each time at these hents began to meet the contess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikalovna the latter very adroytly turned the conversation to insignificant matters

file: 1701-141759-0004.flac
expected: but for god's sake be careful you know how it may affect your mamma
	layer_2: bu forgod sa be krefor you know hon me effact your mama
	layer_4: but forgod say be kare folr you know hont me affect your mamma
	layer_6: but for gods say be careful you know herwat me affect your mamma
	layer_8: but for god's sa be careful you know how it may affect your mamma
	layer_10: but for god's sake be careful you know her it may affect your mamma
	layer_12: but for god's sake be careful you know her it may affect your mamma

file: 1701-141759-0005.flac
expected: no on my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_2: no ar my towo ward of honor said the tashor crussing herself i wat tell any one
	layer_4: no on my tru ward of honor said the tahacrussing herself i want tell anyone
	layer_6: no on my tru word of honour said netasha crossing herself i wont tell anyone
	layer_8: no on my true word of honour said natasha crossing herself i won't tell any one
	layer_10: no on my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell any one
	layer_12: no on my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone

file: 1701-141759-0006.flac
expected: and she ran off at once to sonya
	layer_2: ad she ran off at waose toe sown ou
	layer_4: and she ran off at wonce te sanyu
	layer_6: and she ran off at once to sonya
	layer_8: and she ran off at once to sonya
	layer_10: and she ran off at once to sonya
	layer_12: and she ran off at once to sonya

file: 1701-141759-0007.flac
expected: she rushed to sonya hugged her and began to cry
	layer_2: sherushed to sawn yor houkd he and began to cry
	layer_4: she rushed he sownyu harked her and began to cry
	layer_6: she rushed o tonye harked her and began to cry
	layer_8: she rushd to tonya harked her and began to cry
	layer_10: she rush to sonya harcked her and began to cry
	layer_12: she rush to sonya harked her and began to cry

file: 1701-141759-0008.flac
expected: it's true that all you women are crybabies remarked petya pacing the room with large resolute strides
	layer_2: its too the all ou women o cry babe shm art pettur pescng the roomith laige resol ente stridts
	layer_4: its to tht all you women ar cry beby sher arkd petu pissing the roomath large resoelete strates
	layer_6: it's tu that all you women are crybabys remarked peta piescing the room ath large resolate strates
	layer_8: it's tru that ol you women are cry bibies remarked petya piescing the room with large resolate straits
	layer_10: it's true that oll you women are crybabies remarked petya piercing the room with large resolate straits
	layer_12: it's true that oll you women are crybabies remarked petya piercing the room with large resolate straits

file: 1701-141759-0009.flac
expected: you are all blubberers and understand nothing
	layer_2: your all blubers and and destane nothing
	layer_4: you're all blubberrs and undestind nothing
	layer_6: youre all blubberrs and understind nothing
	layer_8: you're all blubbers and understand nothing
	layer_10: you're all blubbers an understand nothing
	layer_12: you're all blubbers an understand nothing

file: 1701-141759-0010.flac
expected: natasha smiled through her tears
	layer_2: the tachous smiyle through her tyars
	layer_4: the tashes smile through her tears
	layer_6: na tashes smile through her tears
	layer_8: natashes smiled through her tears
	layer_10: natashe smiled through her tears
	layer_12: natashe smiled through her tears

file: 1701-141759-0011.flac
expected: what nasty brutes they are
	layer_2: what nasti brits the ar
	layer_4: what nacty brits the are
	layer_6: what nasty britz thear
	layer_8: what nasty bruts thee are
	layer_10: what nasty bruts the are
	layer_12: what nasty bruts thee are

file: 1701-141759-0012.flac
expected: hold your tongue petya what a goose you are
	layer_2: oldyour tungpito what a gos  you are
	layer_4: hold your tonge peter what a gooshe you are
	layer_6: hold your tongue peto what a goosh you are
	layer_8: hold your tongue peto what a goose you are
	layer_10: hold your tongue peto what a goose you are
	layer_12: hold your tongue peto what a goose you are

file: 1701-141759-0013.flac
expected: sonya smiled do i remember nicholas
	layer_2: son your smilds dou i  remembered na cluse
	layer_4: sonyur smileds do i remembered ne clus
	layer_6: sonya smileds do i remembred me clas
	layer_8: sonya smiled do i remembered neckolas
	layer_10: sonya smiled do i remembered nickolas
	layer_12: sonya smiled do i remembered nicholas

file: 1701-141759-0014.flac
expected: i remember nikolenka too i remember him well she said
	layer_2: i da memberenicollaing to too i remember him wel she said
	layer_4: i remembernicollaing to too i remember him well she said
	layer_6: i remember nikolngto two i remember him well she said
	layer_8: i remember nicolingta to i remember him well she said
	layer_10: i remember nikkolenta two i remember him well she said
	layer_12: i remember nickolenta too i remember him well she said

file: 1701-141759-0015.flac
expected: no she shut her eyes
	layer_2: no she shout her reyes
	layer_4: no she shut her eys
	layer_6: no she shut her eyes
	layer_8: no she shut her eyes
	layer_10: no she shut her eyes
	layer_12: no she shut her eyes

file: 1701-141759-0016.flac
expected: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_2: she felt that sonyoar wers speaking to truth that thar wors such lave a sunuar was speaking off
	layer_4: she felt that sonye was speaking to truth that there was such love a sonar were speaking off
	layer_6: she felt that sonya was speaking tho truth that there warst such love as sonya wers speaking off
	layer_8: she felt that sonya was speaking to truth that there wars such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_10: she felt that sonya was speaking to truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_12: she felt that sonya was speaking to truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of

file: 1701-141759-0017.flac
expected: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_2: shul believed it could be but didno understandit
	layer_4: should believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_6: shoe believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_8: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_10: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_12: she believed it could be but did not understand it

file: 1701-141759-0018.flac
expected: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_2: shll you writ to him she asked
	layer_4: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_6: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_8: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_10: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_12: shall you write to him she asked

file: 1701-141759-0019.flac
expected: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_2: new that he was alreadyan officer and a winded hero would hit be rito remint him o forself and as it might seem of the obpligations to howr he had taken on himself
	layer_4: new that he was already an officer and i winded hero would hit be righte to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_6: now that he was already an officer and a wunded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_8: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_10: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_12: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself

file: 1701-141759-0020.flac
expected: i don't know
	layer_2: i dtont kno
	layer_4: i don't know
	layer_6: i don't know
	layer_8: i don't know
	layer_10: i don't know
	layer_12: i don't know

file: 1701-141759-0021.flac
expected: sonya smiled no
	layer_2: sous smils no
	layer_4: s yu smiles no
	layer_6: saw you smiles no
	layer_8: saw yur smiles no
	layer_10: saw you smiles no
	layer_12: saw you smiles no

file: 1701-141759-0022.flac
expected: it's because she was in love with that fat one in spectacles that was how petya described his namesake the new count bezukhov and now she's in love with that singer he meant natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_2: exs becueuneshe was an loe withoat faht one his specticles that was o piture descraed his neaimseake the knew cot bas ucof and now she's an lov with thou singer he med metashes ittallin seen master that swhy she's tashemed
	layer_4: it's becone she was in love withthat fat one is specticles that was he picure discrebed his neme sik the new cont bizukov and know she's an love with thout singher he med natashes ittaliang singn master that's why she's ashimed
	layer_6: it's because she was in love with that fat one is spectacles that was her pitur described his nemseak the new coun't bazukov and now she's in love with thout singher he med natasha's itallian singing master that's why she 's ashamed
	layer_8: it's because she was in love with that fat one ins spectacles that was her pirture described his namesike the new count bezukov and now she 's in love with that singer he met natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_10: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was her picture described his namesake the new count bezukhov and now she's in love with that singer he met natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_12: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was her picture described his namesake the new count bezukhov and now she's in love with that singer he met natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed

file: 1701-141759-0023.flac
expected: petya you're a stupid said natasha
	layer_2: pit your your  stupeed said hatatha
	layer_4: pityor you'r stuperd said matacha
	layer_6: pito your stupad said matacha
	layer_8: petioc you're stupid said natasha
	layer_10: petio you're stupid said natasha
	layer_12: petio you're stupid said natashaa

file: 1701-141759-0024.flac
expected: the countess had been prepared by anna mikhaylovna's hints at dinner
	layer_2: the congte s had een prepeared by auneme colov ness heads at denne
	layer_4: the contes had been prepeared by anemycolovernhess heas at denne
	layer_6: the countess had been prepared by anemicalovrnous heas at denner
	layer_8: the countess had been prepared by anamicalovnah's heads at dennar
	layer_10: the countess had been prepared by anamicaolovna's heads at dinnar
	layer_12: the countess had been prepared by ana michaolovna's heads at dennar

file: 1701-141759-0025.flac
expected: on retiring to her own room she sat in an armchair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuffbox while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_2: or retiring to her on room she satin an arm chere her eye sixd on iminutc arpportrad hoeer sun on the lid of a snoff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_4: on retyring to her own room she sat ing and arm sheeir her eyes frixd on a minuture portrate ofe her son on ne lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_6: on retiring to her own room she sat in an armchear her eyes fixed on a miniature portrat of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_8: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm chair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_10: on retiring to her own room she sat in an armchair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_12: on retiring to her own room she sat in an armchair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes

file: 1701-141759-0026.flac
expected: the count put his ear to the keyhole and listened
	layer_2: the cnts pruthis ear to the keyhle and lesstend
	layer_4: the kurancs prut his ear to the keyhoall and lesstoned
	layer_6: the currats prut his ear to the key hale and listened
	layer_8: the currats put his ear to the key hole and listened
	layer_10: the currat put his ear to the key hole and listened
	layer_12: the currat put his ear to the key hole and listened

file: 1701-141759-0027.flac
expected: at first he heard the sound of indifferent voices then anna mikhaylovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then footsteps
	layer_2: at first y heard tosind of a different voices then innamycalovenes voice alon in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voicees together with glad intinations and then fooit steps
	layer_4: at firsthe heard te signd of indifferent voicies then i nemmicalovena's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voic es together with glad intinations and then foot steps
	layer_6: at first he heard tha signed of indifferent voices then anemicaluvna's voice alon in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intinations and then footsteps
	layer_8: at first he heard he sougnd of indifferent voices then annemikalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then fouotsteps
	layer_10: at first he heard the sound of indifferent voices then annemikhalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then footsteps
	layer_12: at first he heard the sound of indifferent voices then annimikhalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then footsteps

file: 1701-141759-0028.flac
expected: anna mikhaylovna opened the door
	layer_2: an enme faloveno open the door
	layer_4: andimmi ho lovno open the door
	layer_6: anemicalovna opened the door
	layer_8: annimikalovna opened the door
	layer_10: anna mikalovna opened the door
	layer_12: anna mikhalovna opened the door

file: 1701-141759-0029.flac
expected: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the looks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_2: when she hearde suny or blushed so that eers kim into her eyes and unablel to bear the loos turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall wher ow rind it it fhil speed with her dreass poft out le cabeloon and flushed and smyily plupedd dine on de floore
	layer_4: when she heard this sonyar blushed so that ters kime into her eyes and unable to ber the lookes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall where owld rind at it ful speed with her dress pofed out ly caballoon and flushed and smiling plupped done on the floor
	layer_6: when she heard this sonya blushed so that ters came into her eyes and unable to bear the lokes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whereld rindet at full speed with her dras puffed outlikea balloon and flushed and smiling plumped downe on the floor
	layer_8: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lukes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_10: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lukes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_12: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lukes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor

file: 1701-141759-0030.flac
expected: the countess was crying
	layer_2: the kounters was crying
	layer_4: the contesst was crying
	layer_6: the contesst was crying
	layer_8: the contest was crying
	layer_10: the contest was crying
	layer_12: the contest was crying

file: 1701-141759-0031.flac
expected: from all he says one should be glad and not cry
	layer_2: from of he say s wont shoul be glad ad not cry
	layer_4: from a he say is one should be glad and not cry
	layer_6: from al he say s one should be glad and not cry
	layer_8: from all he say is one should be glad and not cry
	layer_10: from all he say is one should be glad and not cry
	layer_12: from all he say is one should be glad and not cry

file: 1701-141759-0032.flac
expected: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_2: how charmingly he desgraybe said she reading tho discript ofe part oit the leter and what a soul
	layer_4: how charmingly he descrabe said she readding the discript ove part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_6: how charmingly he descrabe said she ridding the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_8: how charmingly he descrabes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_10: how charmingly he described said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_12: how charmingly he described said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul

file: 1701-141759-0033.flac
expected: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_2: i al we sayd when he was only so high i all ways said
	layer_4: i allways said when he was only so high i all was said
	layer_6: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_8: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_10: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_12: i always said when he was only so high i always said

file: 8173-294714-0000.flac
expected: i have been told that mister van brandt is in prison for debt i said
	layer_2: i havebeen told that mister vembrant is inpreson for det i said
	layer_4: i hav been told that mister vambrand is in presen for debt i said
	layer_6: i hav been told that mister vanbrant is in preson for debt i said
	layer_8: i have been told that mister vanmbrandt is in prison for debt i said
	layer_10: i have been told that mister van brandt is in prison for debt i said
	layer_12: i have been told that mister van brandt is in prison for debt i said

file: 8173-294714-0001.flac
expected: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpless
	layer_2: and i so fom myself last night that he had left  yo holpliscs
	layer_4: and i saw from myself last night that he had left you hopeless
	layer_6: and i saw from myself last night that he had left you hopeless
	layer_8: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpless
	layer_10: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpless
	layer_12: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpless

file: 8173-294714-0002.flac
expected: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_2: cemeltaf me tha little money he had with him when he was arested she rejoin satly
	layer_4: came lefh me the little money he had with him when he was arested she rejoined sadly
	layer_6: i eft me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_8: a eft me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_10: he lft me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_12: he t me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly

file: 8173-294714-0003.flac
expected: his cruel creditors are more to blame than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_2: his cre crediders are more to blaindand he is for the poverty that his fallean onus
	layer_4: his cruel creditors are more to blandin he is for the poverty that his fallen on us
	layer_6: his cruel creditors are more to blandan he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_8: his cruel creditors are more to blandhon he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_10: his cruel creditors are more to bland thon he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_12: his cruel creditors are more to bland thon he is for the poverty that has fallen on us

file: 8173-294714-0004.flac
expected: even this negative defense of van brandt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_2: even this neggodent tefens of than braped stung wme to he quick i ought to havespoken wore gardedly of him y said beterly
	layer_4: even this neggadat defence of tan brappe stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_6: even this negadant defense of van brapped stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_8: even this negatant defence of an brapt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_10: even this negtant defence of vanbrapts stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_12: even this neglotant defence of vanbrapts stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly

file: 8173-294714-0005.flac
expected: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong that a man can inflict on her when he is the man whom she loves
	layer_2: i ouhbsto have rmembered that i wominkin forgve almost any roungd than a man cn an sift on her when hes ad man whom she loves
	layer_4: i ought to have remembered that a woman kin forgive almost any wrong than a man kan an slift on her when he as and man whom she loves
	layer_6: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong than a man can in slift on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_8: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong than a man can an slift on her when he is ta man whom she loves
	layer_10: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong than a man can enlift on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_12: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong than a man can enlift on her when he is a man whom she loves

file: 8173-294714-0006.flac
expected: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_2: she plet her heand an mymouth and stoppkmneg tbefore y could say any more
	layer_4: she pet her hand on my mouth and stopp me before i could say any more
	layer_6: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_8: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_10: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_12: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more

file: 8173-294714-0007.flac
expected: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked
	layer_2: hagkingyusepeagk so crulas ome she asked
	layer_4: howking you peak so crulasto me she asked
	layer_6: how can you speak so cruely to me she asked
	layer_8: how can you speak so cruelly  to me she asked
	layer_10: how can you speak so cruelly as to me she asked
	layer_12: how can you speak so cruelly as to me she asked

file: 8173-294714-0008.flac
expected: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart in secret is all yours
	layer_2: you know to my shame i confest it  you the last ele we met you know that my hart in secret is all yoors
	layer_4: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last tolml lwe met you know that my heart and secret is all yoours
	layer_6: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last tome we met you know that my heart and secret is all yours
	layer_8: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart and secret is all yours
	layer_10: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart and secret is all yours
	layer_12: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart and secret is all yours

file: 8173-294714-0009.flac
expected: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_2: what roun a you tapking oug
	layer_4: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_6: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_8: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_10: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_12: what wrong are you talking of

file: 8173-294714-0010.flac
expected: is it the wrong i suffered when van brandt married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_2: is it the rog a suffered wen van brat marie me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_4: is it the rong i suffered when van brantmarried me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_6: is it the wrog i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_8: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_10: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_12: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still

file: 8173-294714-0011.flac
expected: do you think i can ever forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_2: do youe think i canovher forget the greatines hortion of my life the misportune that hus made me uonmore the of you
	layer_4: do you think i canoter forget the greatn's fortion of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_6: do you think i cannever forget the great nisfortun of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_8: do you think i can never forget the great misfortun of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_10: do you think i can never forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_12: do you think i can never forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you

file: 8173-294714-0012.flac
expected: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little darling who is playing out there with her doll is my child
	layer_2: it is no falt of min god nos but it is not the les true that i amenot mryd and that the little jarling woho was pling out there with her dall as my child
	layer_4: it is no fault of mind god knose but it is not the lesst true that i ham not married and that the little garling who was playing out there with her doll os my child
	layer_6: it is no fault of mind god knowse but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her doll ose my child
	layer_8: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little carling who is playing out there with her doll ows my child
	layer_10: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little carling who is playing out there with her daugh s my child
	layer_12: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who is playing out there with her daugh os my child

file: 8173-294714-0013.flac
expected: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_2: and you talk of my being your wae nowing that the chilld excepts me as her secon father i said
	layer_4: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child except me as her second father i said
	layer_6: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child eccepts me as her second father i said
	layer_8: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_10: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_12: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said

file: 8173-294714-0014.flac
expected: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as the child pride she repeated
	layer_2: it would be bettert and hapbyiar for us both if you hot as little priede as if child prid she repete
	layer_4: it would be better and happiear for us both if you hot as little pride as a child priede she repeate
	layer_6: it would be better in hapier for us both if you hat as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_8: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_10: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_12: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated

file: 8173-294714-0015.flac
expected: in such a position as mine
	layer_2: in such a position ats minde
	layer_4: in such a position as minde
	layer_6: in such a position as mine
	layer_8: in such a position as mine
	layer_10: in such a position as mine
	layer_12: in such a position as mine

file: 8173-294714-0016.flac
expected: a helpless woman with a mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_2: a helpless woman with the ma usben ain preison for debt
	layer_4: a helpless woman with the mock husband an prison for debt
	layer_6: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_8: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_10: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_12: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt

file: 8173-294714-0017.flac
expected: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_2: and might to marry you for my tfhed an shalter
	layer_4: am mi to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_6: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_8: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_10: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_12: am i to marry you for my food and shelter

file: 8173-294714-0018.flac
expected: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child
	layer_2: and migh to marry you becauss theres kno lowful tid that by ans me to the father of my child
	layer_4: and mi to mary you because theres no lawful ti that by andse me to the father of my child
	layer_6: an i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that byancs me to the father of my child
	layer_8: am i to marry you because there 'is no lawful tie that bins me to the father of my child
	layer_10: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child
	layer_12: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child

file: 8173-294714-0019.flac
expected: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_2: baut is he is he his not for sakcen me he has been force away
	layer_4: bat as he is he has not for saken me he has been forced away
	layer_6: tatd as he is he is not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_8: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_10: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_12: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away

file: 8173-294714-0020.flac
expected: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_2: my onay friend is it possible that you think me ungraful enough to consen to be our wife
	layer_4: mig only friend is it possible that you think me ungraeful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_6: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_8: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_10: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_12: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife

file: 8173-294714-0021.flac
expected: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_2: the woman admi csetuation must be heartlet indeed who cold destrory or plae in the astimation of the world in the regard of e friens
	layer_4: the woman admy setuation must be heartless indeed who could destroy hor place in the estimation of the world ind the regard of you friends
	layer_6: the woman ad my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy yeur place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_8: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_10: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_12: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends

file: 8173-294714-0022.flac
expected: the wretchedest creature that walks the streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_2: theug rechedis creathure that walxsestreeds wich ring from triting u an thot way
	layer_4: the wretchedits creathuer that walks he streeds which srink from tratting you in that way
	layer_6: the wretcheduce creature that walks of streeds would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_8: the wretchedus creature that walks of streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_10: the wretchedes creature that walks of streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_12: the wretchedest creature that walks of streets would shrink from treating you in that way

file: 8173-294714-0023.flac
expected: oh what are men made of
	layer_2: il wat er men maede of
	layer_4: o what ar men mad of
	layer_6: oh what are men made uf
	layer_8: now what are men made of
	layer_10: no what are men made of
	layer_12: now what are men made of

file: 8173-294714-0024.flac
expected: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_2: hom can you hro tang eou speak of int
	layer_4: how can you howl can you speak of it
	layer_6: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_8: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_10: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_12: how can you how can you speak of it

file: 8173-294714-0025.flac
expected: i yielded and spoke of it no more
	layer_2: a yiel ded and spoke if it no mre
	layer_4: a yel did and spoke of it no more
	layer_6: i yield did and spoke of it no more
	layer_8: i yield ded and spoke of it no more
	layer_10: i yielded and spoke of it no more
	layer_12: i yielded and spoke of it no more

file: 8173-294714-0026.flac
expected: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost
	layer_2: every wors she uttered only incresed my admiration of the noble creature whom i uve had loved and wost
	layer_4: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the nobl creature whom ive had loved and lost
	layer_6: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom ive had loved and lost
	layer_8: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom ie had loved and lost
	layer_10: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom ie had loved and lost
	layer_12: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost

file: 8173-294714-0027.flac
expected: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless infatuation
	layer_2: bitterly as i hated the man who a partadus ad loved her dearly enough to be even kapable of halpping him for her sake hopeless einvactuation
	layer_4: bitterly as i hated the man who haparted us ad loved her dearly enough to be even capable of halping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_6: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_8: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_10: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_12: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation

file: 8173-294714-0028.flac
expected: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_2: i don't onihe i dont excuseit hoelesse ian faturation you hav  orgiven me i said
	layer_4: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless and fatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_6: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless and fatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_8: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless in fatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_10: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless in fatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_12: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless in fatuation you have forgiven me i said

file: 8173-294714-0029.flac
expected: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_2: lat me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_4: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_6: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_8: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_10: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_12: let me deserve to be forgiven

file: 8173-294714-0030.flac
expected: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_2: it as somthingto be r ontye friend
	layer_4: it is something to be ar only friend
	layer_6: it is something to be our only friend
	layer_8: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_10: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_12: it is something to be your only friend

file: 8173-294714-0031.flac
expected: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_2: you must have plance for tha huthure tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_4: you must have planse wer the future tell me unreservedly how i can hep you
	layer_6: you must have plansfor the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_8: you must have plants for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_10: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_12: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you

file: 8173-294714-0032.flac
expected: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully help me back to health
	layer_2: con pled te good work that you hade begune she answere greatfully held me back tho haulf
	layer_4: compled the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully held me back to health
	layer_6: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully held me back to health
	layer_8: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully held me back to health
	layer_10: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully held me back to health
	layer_12: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully held me back to health

file: 8173-294714-0033.flac
expected: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_2: mak me stroginough to sidmit to adoctor's estimet of mychantesof liting for samiyarsyet
	layer_4: make me strong enough to submit to adoctor's estimete of my chances of living for some yars yet
	layer_6: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_8: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_10: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_12: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet

file: 8173-294714-0034.flac
expected: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_2: a doctr's astimate of your chances of livin i repeatd what you mean
	layer_4: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what d you mean
	layer_6: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_8: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_10: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_12: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean

file: 8173-294714-0035.flac
expected: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brandt
	layer_2: i hardly now ha o tell you she said without'sbeaking again of mister van brant
	layer_4: i hardly know had to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrant
	layer_6: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrant
	layer_8: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brant
	layer_10: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrandt
	layer_12: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrandt

file: 8173-294714-0036.flac
expected: does speaking of him again mean speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_2: tespeaking of him agaan minspeaking of his tet sy ast
	layer_4: the speaking of him again mean speaking of his deabtsi asked
	layer_6: thes speaking of him again mean speaking of his debths i asked
	layer_8: the speaking of him again means speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_10: the speaking of him again means speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_12: the speaking of him again means speaking of his debts i asked

file: 8173-294714-0037.flac
expected: why need you hesitate
	layer_2: wy mea do haditete
	layer_4: why nme to hed etate
	layer_6: why mee do her etate
	layer_8: why me wou her atate
	layer_10: why mee yo hurd a tate
	layer_12: why mee you hud a tate

file: 8173-294714-0038.flac
expected: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxieties
	layer_2: you know that there's nothing i wil not dou to aleave yor insietins
	layer_4: you know that there's nothing i will not do to relieve yoour inciety
	layer_6: you know that there is nothing i will not do to releve your insiety
	layer_8: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxxiety
	layer_10: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxiety
	layer_12: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxiety

file: 8173-294714-0039.flac
expected: never let me tell you the plain truth
	layer_2: noher let wie tell you the plan tru
	layer_4: nover let me tell you e plain trut
	layer_6: never let me tell you tat plain truth
	layer_8: never let me tell you hat plain truth
	layer_10: never let me tell you the plain truth
	layer_12: never let me tell you the plain truth

file: 8173-294714-0040.flac
expected: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_2: there is aserious mnessusite for his getting out of pristen
	layer_4: there is a serious nesesity for his getting out of prisan
	layer_6: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_8: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_10: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_12: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison

file: 8173-294714-0041.flac
expected: yes this is his position in two words a little while since he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_2: yes this iss his pusition in two words a little wilsens he a tained an excelan offer of im ploym an a broad from a riche rella tive a his and head main all his arangemens to excuept ict
	layer_4: yes this is his position in two words a little while sence he abtained an excellent offer of imployman a broad from a rich relative of his and he had man all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_6: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employnment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_8: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_10: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_12: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it

file: 8173-294714-0042.flac
expected: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_2: anhapily he returnedto tell me of is good fortun and as saime day he was arrested fordet
	layer_4: an hapily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and a same day he was arrested for dept
	layer_6: unnhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debpt
	layer_8: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_10: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_12: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt

file: 8173-294714-0043.flac
expected: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those four words
	layer_2: thes nar that had been set for her wits lainli reveld in thouse fwarwords
	layer_4: the snerid that had been set for her witsh plainly reveald in those fwarwords
	layer_6: the snarr that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those forwords
	layer_8: the snar that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those for words
	layer_10: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those four words
	layer_12: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those four words

file: 8173-294714-0044.flac
expected: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress
	layer_2: in the ei of the law she was of courses a sindgle woman she was av alge she was to allintens end purposes her own mistress
	layer_4: in the ye of the law she was of course a singe woman she was of age she was to all intendsin purposes her own mistresst
	layer_6: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intends in purposes her own mistress
	layer_8: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intends and purposes her own mistress
	layer_10: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress
	layer_12: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress

file: 8173-294714-0045.flac
expected: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give van brandt a direct interest in her death
	layer_2: what was there to revrent hear from and suring her life if she pleased and from so di sposing of the in surns as ty giv fan brat a tdurect intrest in her death
	layer_4: what was there to revrent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurnc asty give fambrat an derect interest in her death
	layer_6: what was there to revent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insuranc as to give anbrat ad direct interest in her death
	layer_8: what was there to revent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give vambra a direct interest in her death
	layer_10: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give vambrant a direct interest in her death
	layer_12: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give vambrant a direct interest in her death

file: 8173-294714-0046.flac
expected: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_2: thinks to the happe accider of myphisition the one certain way a protecting her la easanly with tha myreach
	layer_4: thinks to the happy accedent of my position the one certain way a protecting her lay easinly with then my reach
	layer_6: things to the happy accident of my position the one certain way a protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_8: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_10: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_12: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach

file: 8173-294714-0047.flac
expected: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was the man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_2: i could offer to len the stondrl the money that he wanted an an hours notice and he was aman to excepmy rposea quit is asily as i could make it
	layer_4: i could offered to len thi scondrol the money that he wanted and an hours notice and he was amaun to axcept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_6: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hours notice and he was ta man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_8: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was the man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_10: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was the man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_12: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was the man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it

file: 8173-294714-0048.flac
expected: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_2: you are quit mistaken i replied
	layer_4: you are quite mistacken i replied
	layer_6: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_8: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_10: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_12: you are quite mistaken i replied

file: 8173-294714-0049.flac
expected: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brandt of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_2: iamonly doubting whetheyor pline her releving nister van brant of his enarasments is quites tuf simpelasie suppose
	layer_4: i am oly doubting whether your plim for relieving nisture van brant of his embarrassments is quite s ef simpolas ye suppose
	layer_6: i am only doubting whether your plin ofor relieving misteur van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simpl as you suppose
	layer_8: i am only doubting whether your plane for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_10: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brandt of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_12: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brandt of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose

file: 8173-294714-0050.flac
expected: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_2: ai yuaware of te delay s that ur likely to take place before ible ye possible to bar moneying a palicy of an shurancs
	layer_4: ar you aware of the delay that our likely to take place before ibwil ye possible to borow money oing a policy of ensurance
	layer_6: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money ong apolicy of insurance
	layer_8: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on yoaur policy of insurance
	layer_10: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on yur policy of insurance
	layer_12: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance

file: 8173-294714-0051.flac
expected: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_2: i know nothing about it she said sidely
	layer_4: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_6: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_8: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_10: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_12: i know nothing about it she said sadly

file: 8173-294714-0052.flac
expected: will you let me ask the advice of my lawyers
	layer_2: wel you let me asket advice of my theyrs
	layer_4: will you let me asked advice of my layers
	layer_6: will you let me asked advice of my lawyers
	layer_8: will you let me ask advice of my lawyers
	layer_10: will you let me ask advice of my lawyers
	layer_12: will you let me ask advice of my lawyers

file: 8173-294714-0053.flac
expected: they are trustworthy and experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_2: they are trust werlthe anexperiean sd men and i am sure they can be of huse to you
	layer_4: they are trust where tly anexperienced men and i am sure they can be of used to you
	layer_6: they are trustwory undexperienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_8: they are trustworthy anexperienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_10: they are trustworthy and experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_12: they are trustworthy and experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you

file: 8173-294714-0054.flac
expected: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_2: cautiously as i had xpesed myself her delicas seetiok the alarm
	layer_4: cautiously as i had expessed myself her delicasy took the alarm
	layer_6: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_8: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_10: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_12: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm

file: 8173-294714-0055.flac
expected: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister van brandt she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_2: promised thaht you won't asked me to barow money of ouw for miscer van branch she rejoined and o wil excupt you help gratefully
	layer_4: promised that you won't asked me to borrow money of ouw for misther vambrance she rejoined and i will except your help gratefully
	layer_6: promised that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for misther vanbrance she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_8: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister van brante she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_10: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you fom mister van brandt she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_12: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you fom mister van brandt she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully

file: 8173-294714-0056.flac
expected: i could honestly promise that
	layer_2: i could honosly promis thath
	layer_4: i could honestly promise that
	layer_6: i could honestly promised that
	layer_8: i could honestly promise that
	layer_10: i could honestly promise that
	layer_12: i could honestly promise that

file: 8173-294714-0057.flac
expected: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge the course that i had now determined to pursue
	layer_2: my on chance of saving her lay keeping from her knowldged to coursea a had now determine tiersu
	layer_4: my one chance of saving her ly nd keeping from her knowledge to corsaa had nou determined to pursu
	layer_6: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge to corsa  had now determined to pursue
	layer_8: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge to corsa i had now determined to pursue
	layer_10: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge to corsa i had now determined to pursue
	layer_12: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge to corsa i had now determined to pursue

file: 8173-294714-0058.flac
expected: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_2: i rose to go wile my resolicianstil sustaime to me
	layer_4: i wrose to go while my resolution still susdaind me
	layer_6: i arose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_8: i arose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_10: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_12: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me

file: 8173-294714-0059.flac
expected: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_2: kis nen she oasprd wefore youf go
	layer_4: kisse ne she whas spered before you go
	layer_6: kissed ney she whispered before you go
	layer_8: kiss mee she whispered before you go
	layer_10: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_12: kiss me she whispered before you go

file: 8173-294714-0060.flac
expected: it is only your goodness that overpowers me
	layer_2: it is onley er goodnes e over powers me
	layer_4: it his only er goodness that over powers me
	layer_6: it is only yer goodness that overpowers me
	layer_8: it is only your goodness that overpoweres me
	layer_10: it is only your goodness that overpowers me
	layer_12: it is only your goodness that overpowers me

file: 6267-53049-0000.flac
expected: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_2: its a sat thing for a byty to lack brains when he ance tobe ateachre is antit
	layer_4: its a set thing for abody to lak brains when she wants to be a teacher isen'tid
	layer_6: its a sat thing for a body to lack brains wen she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_8: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_10: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_12: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it

file: 6267-53049-0001.flac
expected: penelope has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere thought the older sister wistfully
	layer_2: bhen i lotp be has doneth so hard al weinter at she has ndt gonme anywere jo the allther castem wistd fulrty
	layer_4: pend i lope has tanit sou hard alrl winter atd she has n't gone anywhere doed thee other caster wastfully
	layer_6: pen elopi has stuldid so hard all winter ant she hasn't gone anywhere dog the odher sister wistfully
	layer_8: pen alope has studied so hard alrl winter and she hasn't gone anywhere dog the olther sister wistefully
	layer_10: penalope has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere tog the elder sister wistfully
	layer_12: penallope has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere togg the elder sister wistfully

file: 6267-53049-0002.flac
expected: doris dreamed of pretty dresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_2: dories dreamed of preatetresses ol the night and tougt abot them all the nexg day
	layer_4: doris dreamed of prethy tresses all that night and hougt about them all the next day
	layer_6: doris dreamed of prechi resses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_8: dories dreamed of pretitresses all that night and toughd about them all the next day
	layer_10: dories dreamed of pretitresses all that night and ghouged about them all the next day
	layer_12: dories dreamed of pretitresses all that night and ghouged about them all the next day

file: 6267-53049-0003.flac
expected: so it must be confessed did penelope though she would not have admitted it for the world
	layer_2: so it mut beconfast did penoopbe to she would not havd mitet ait far the aond
	layer_4: so it must beconfast did peniloy thoug she would not have at mighted eit far the wand
	layer_6: so it must be confessed did penelopy though she would not have atmight id it for the want
	layer_8: so it must be confessed did penalopi though she would not have adminted it for the want
	layer_10: so it must be confessed did penelopy though she would not have admited it for the want
	layer_12: so it must be confessed did penelopy though she would not have admited it for the want

file: 6267-53049-0004.flac
expected: she knew that penelope had started out to say a new dress
	layer_2: she knewdat ten in opbe had startidt out to sae a newdress
	layer_4: she knewthat thenilopy had started out to say a new dress
	layer_6: she knew that penelopi had started out to sayf a new dress
	layer_8: she knew that penalope had started out to save a new dress
	layer_10: she knew that penelopy had started out to save a new dress
	layer_12: she knew that penelopy had started out to save a new dress

file: 6267-53049-0005.flac
expected: doris hunter i believe it's an old quilt
	layer_2: toris hanter i belive it's and oult qued
	layer_4: doris hantere i belive its an out quiled
	layer_6: dor is hunter i believe its an out quiled
	layer_8: doris hunter i believe it's an out quilet
	layer_10: doris hunter i believe it's an out quilt
	layer_12: doris hunter i believe it's an out quilt

file: 6267-53049-0006.flac
expected: listen penelope my dear doris
	layer_2: li senmfeanalop the mydea doris
	layer_4: ristenpaenilote my dear dolies
	layer_6: risten penelopi my dear dolries
	layer_8: listene panilopy my dear dorries
	layer_10: listen fanilovi my dear dorris
	layer_12: listen fanilovi my dear dorris

file: 6267-53049-0007.flac
expected: love to penelope and yourself
	layer_2: lov to penino and your sene
	layer_4: lovf to peni obp and your sef
	layer_6: love to penelob and yourself
	layer_8: love to pennylob and yourself
	layer_10: love to pennilobl and yourself
	layer_12: love to penilobe and yourself

file: 6267-53049-0008.flac
expected: your affectionate aunt adella hunter
	layer_2: your affectiolnat ound a ther ahant
	layer_4: your affectionate ount at ther ahand
	layer_6: your affectionate ount adela hand
	layer_8: your affectionate ount ade la hand
	layer_10: your affectionate ount a de la hant
	layer_12: your affectionate ount a de lahant

file: 6267-53049-0009.flac
expected: i don't see its beauty said penelope with a grimace
	layer_2: i don't se its beauty sad than a opy weth a gry
	layer_4: i don't see its beauty sat than anlopy weth a gry
	layer_6: i don't see it's beauty said then a lopy wit a gra
	layer_8: i don't see its beauty said then alope with a gray
	layer_10: i don't see its beauty said phen a lope with a gray
	layer_12: i don't see its beauty said phen a lopi with a gray

file: 6267-53049-0010.flac
expected: it may have been pretty once but it is all faded now
	layer_2: itomay have been prety ancs wut it is all sitid nowt
	layer_4: it may have been prety onte but it is all sigded now
	layer_6: it may have been pretty wonts but it is all sided now
	layer_8: it may have been pretty one but it is all sided now
	layer_10: it may have been pretty one's but it is all sidd now
	layer_12: it may have been pretty one's but it is all sided now

file: 6267-53049-0011.flac
expected: tell me dorrie does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this heirloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_2: ter me dory does it ar wo alack of proporryspectfor my unsustors that thi cant fel very andtusias it aver these hear lom hespecionly en grund modther hunter dit ears before i was boar
	layer_4: tirmi dory does it argu a lack of proporespect for my unsestors that i can't feel very andtusiasd it over this har lome especially wen grand mother chunter died ears before i was born
	layer_6: termy dory does it argu a lack of proper respect for my anscestors that i can't feel very entusiast it over this har loom especially when grandmother cunter died ears before i was born
	layer_8: telrl me dori does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastit over this herloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_10: tell me dori does it argu a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this herloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_12: tell me dorri does it argu a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this herloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born

file: 6267-53049-0012.flac
expected: it was very kind of aunt adella to send it said doris dutifully
	layer_2: it was vhery kind of and at theirelattosendi said doris doty folty
	layer_4: it was very kind of and a ther aght to sendet sait toris duti fory
	layer_6: it was very kind of and at their aght to send it said torris duti forly
	layer_8: it was very kind of and ar the raht to send it said torris dutyfuly
	layer_10: it was very kind of aunt a te ae to send it said torris duty fully
	layer_12: it was very kind of aunt a tey rae to send it said torris duty fully

file: 6267-53049-0013.flac
expected: why the wrong side is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed penelope
	layer_2: why the r ong sie is ever so much pretur thanderight is clained ban an oppy
	layer_4: why the wrong side is ever so much pretier than e right is claimed penanlopy
	layer_6: why the wrong side is ever so much pretier than the right es claimed penelopy
	layer_8: why the wrong side is ever so much pretier than the right exclaimed penalopi
	layer_10: why the wrong side is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed penelopi
	layer_12: why the wrong side is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed penelopi

file: 6267-53049-0014.flac
expected: what lovely old timey stuff and not a bit faded
	layer_2: what lovely olds dimy stufs at not a beap satit
	layer_4: what lovely allds dimy stuff at not a bep sadded
	layer_6: what lovely als dimy stuffs at not a beat sadded
	layer_8: what lovely als dimy stuffs at not a beap saded
	layer_10: what lovely als dimy stuffs at not a beach saddit
	layer_12: what lovely als dimy stuffs at not a beach saddit

file: 6267-53049-0015.flac
expected: i declare it is as good as new
	layer_2: i decare it is as god as mnu
	layer_4: i declare it is as good as mnew
	layer_6: i declare it is as good as new
	layer_8: i declare it is as good as new
	layer_10: i declare it is as good as new
	layer_12: i declare it is as good as new

file: 6267-53049-0016.flac
expected: well let us go and have tea said penelope i'm decidedly hungry
	layer_2: well let os go and ha tee said an i lotpy i he cid dedly hungry
	layer_4: well let as go and have cheet said eni lopy i eciddidly hungry
	layer_6: well let us go and have cheat said venelopy i deciedly hungry
	layer_8: well let us go and have cheat said benelopy i decidedly hungry
	layer_10: well let us go and have cheat said benelloppi i decidedly hungry
	layer_12: well let us go and have cheat said benelloppi i decidedly hungry

file: 6267-53049-0017.flac
expected: besides i see the poverty pucker coming
	layer_2: esits i see the baverti boclre comint
	layer_4: besides i see the porverty botar coment
	layer_6: besides i see the poverty bocer coming
	layer_8: besides i see the poverty botlr cominc
	layer_10: besides i see the poverty buckler comic
	layer_12: besides i see the poverty buckler comic

file: 6267-53049-0018.flac
expected: it is something to possess an heirloom after all
	layer_2: ift is someting to oses and hearr lon after oll
	layer_4: it is something to poses an harlone after all
	layer_6: it is something to poses an heralome after all
	layer_8: it is something to pausses and heralone after all
	layer_10: it is something to posses and herelon after all
	layer_12: it is something to posses and herelone after all

file: 6267-53049-0019.flac
expected: penelope was surprised as much as the tender sisterly heart could wish when doris flashed out upon her triumphantly on the evening of the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and re hung and the prettiest waist imaginable a waist that was a positive creation of dainty rose besprinkled silk with a girdle and knots of black velvet
	layer_2: pan a lo be wasor prise as miuch as the tander sistirly heart cood resine when doris flrishd out upon her to on fin ly and the ivenig on the parti ret the blreck s cur niceley pras and re hon and the prektest was in maginor a way s that was a positivecreation aff theyn tyroasbas prinkcoed sik we ta gurdel ant nouts of lac vev
	layer_4: pen alo pe wasorprise as much as the tander sisterly hert cod etion the wheen dories flashed out upon her toon fantly and the evening on the party wit the plack skirre nicely prass and re hung and the pretest wast imaginof a was that was a positive creation or f thein tros bass prinkled silk wich a gurdle and nots of black wever
	layer_6: penelopy was surprise as much as the tender sisterly heard coold wisiond when doris flashed out upon her twm fanly and the evening on the party with the black skirret nicely pressed and rehung and the pretest wast imaginabe awast that was a positive creation on of theinteros bas prinkled silk with a girdl and nouts of black welvet
	layer_8: penelopy was surprised as much as the tender sisterly herd goold wise when dorries flashed out upon her trnhantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and rehung and the prettest waist imaginable a waist that was a positive creation on of dein ty ros beshs sprinkled silk with a girdle and knots of black velvet
	layer_10: penelope was surprised as much as the tender sisterly hert good wish when dorris flashed out upon her triumphantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and rehung and the prettiest waist imaginable a waist that was a positive creation on of dainty rozbets sprinkled silk with a girdle and knots of black velvet
	layer_12: penelope was surprised as much as the tender sisterly hert good wish when dorris flashed out upon her triumphantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and rehung and the prettiest waist imaginable a waist that was a positive creation on of dainty roz beths sprinkled silk with a girdle and knots of black velvet

file: 6267-53049-0020.flac
expected: so penelope went to blanche's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_2: so then a lopthe went to blran sparty and her trass was ttdmuration off every gir ther
	layer_4: so ten a lopy went to blanc party and her drass mwas theatmuration of every gird ther
	layer_6: so pen elopy went to blank sparty and her dress was the admiration of every girl therte
	layer_8: so penalopi went to blanc sparty and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_10: so penelopi went to blancs party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_12: so penalopi went to blancs party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there

file: 6267-53049-0021.flac
expected: penelope thought her altogether charming
	layer_2: whend y lot bes olds her al to gelor sarmin
	layer_4: when e lo e sold her aul together sarming
	layer_6: when elop pe sols her ultogether sarming
	layer_8: when i love esold her altogether sarming
	layer_10: when i love pesoled her altogether sharming
	layer_12: when i love pesoled her altogether sharming

file: 6267-53049-0022.flac
expected: she looks as if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old picture she said to herself
	layer_2: she klnowsis if she had juststhapd out of the frav of some nlovely olt piture she say to her son
	layer_4: she lusas if she had just thap out of the frave of some lovely altpetur she sayd to her sen
	layer_6: she lose as if she had just sthaped out of the frave of some lovely ald pechere she saiy to herself
	layer_8: she looks as if she had just stepped out of the frave of some lovely old peichere she said to herself
	layer_10: she looks us if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old peiture she say to herself
	layer_12: she looks us if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old peiture she say to herself

file: 6267-53049-0023.flac
expected: my aunt adella gave me gave us the material she stammered
	layer_2: my ount a thea gate me geve as ther matr a she stamrd
	layer_4: my ount adera gave me give as there materyial she stamor
	layer_6: my ount adera gave me gave us the material she stamoer
	layer_8: my aunt adera gave me gave us the material she stammar
	layer_10: my aunt adera gave me gave us the material she stammered
	layer_12: my aunt adelra gave me gave us the material she stammered

file: 6267-53049-0024.flac
expected: i am named after her missus fairweather suddenly put her arm about penelope and drew the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_2: i and named aftor her missus fairwater sudenly pout her arm abot peni l obpy and duwe the yung gird to her har lovely old face ad glo with delihdt and tenderness
	layer_4: and naved after her missus fairwatter suddenly put her arm about panilopy and yude the  young girld to her her lovely old face at glow with delighed and tenderness
	layer_6: ennamed after her missus fair water suddenly put her arm about penelopy and ude the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_8: unnamed after her missus fairwater suddenly put her arm about penelopi and uded the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_10: unnamed after her missus fairwater suddenly put her arm about penelopi and eut the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_12: unnamed after her missus fairwater suddenly put her arm about penelopi and ruth the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness

file: 6267-53049-0025.flac
expected: then you are my grandniece she said
	layer_2: theat you are mit grun nese she said
	layer_4: the you are my gran nece she said
	layer_6: then you are my grant neece she said
	layer_8: then you are my grand niece she said
	layer_10: then you are my grand niece she said
	layer_12: then you are my grand niece she said

file: 6267-53049-0026.flac
expected: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rosebud silk if i came across it in thibet
	layer_2: when i so youor thress i foent sure you were or y lited to her i shouldiricod nie that er ols bo se if i came a crows t inte bet
	layer_4: when i saw your tress i felt sure you were relited to her i should ricognie that eros bad sere if i came across ait intebak
	layer_6: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were relited to her i should recognize that rose bud selre if i came across it in tibet
	layer_8: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rose bud sir if i came across it in tibeth
	layer_10: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rose bud sil if i came across it in tibeth
	layer_12: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rose bud sil if i came across it in tibeth

file: 6267-53049-0027.flac
expected: penelope was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_2: ta a opy whas fora years allther than i was bhut we wered defaltit to each odher
	layer_4: ban alope was for  years alter than i was but we were dhevated to each other
	layer_6: pen elopi was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_8: penalopi was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_10: penelopi was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_12: penelopi was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other

file: 6267-53049-0028.flac
expected: soon after this our mother died and our household was broken up
	layer_2: so nofster de s hord mother did and hour hans alld was broken ap
	layer_4: son after deshore mother died and our hais alled was broken up
	layer_6: son after deshour mother died and our hous alld was broken up
	layer_8: soon after dhisour mother died and our house hald was broken up
	layer_10: soon after disour mother died and our house hald was broken up
	layer_12: soon after disour mother died and our house hald was broken up

file: 6267-53049-0029.flac
expected: my dear i am a very lonely old woman with nobody belonging to me
	layer_2: whiht teed i amosary lonly ald woman we hno bidy belondin to me
	layer_4: mhy dear i am osary longy alde woman wih no bydy belongeing to me
	layer_6: my dear i am ae very longly allde woman which nobody belonging to me
	layer_8: my dear i am a very longly old woman wih nobody belonging to me
	layer_10: my dear i am a very lonely old woman with nobody belonging to me
	layer_12: my dear i am a very lonely old woman with nobody belonging to me

file: 6267-53049-0030.flac
expected: now she patted missus fairweather's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_2: now she padend missuss fir weathers soft ald hand affecionattly
	layer_4: now she pattene missus farewethers soft ald hand affectionatly
	layer_6: now she pattened missus fareweathers soft old hand affectionately
	layer_8: now she pattened missus fairwether's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_10: now she pattened missus fairwedher's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_12: now she pattened missus fairwedher's soft old hand affectionately

file: 6267-53049-0031.flac
expected: doris and penelope found their lives and plans changed in the twinkling of an eye
	layer_2: dhorisand penen oppy foln't ther leaves and plrans changed in the  trwinetcleing of an eiye
	layer_4: doris and peniopy fount ther leaves and plans changed in the twint cling of un ey
	layer_6: doris and penelopi found their leaves and plants changed in the twint cling of an eye
	layer_8: doris and penalope found their leaves and plants changed in the twintcling of an ey
	layer_10: doris and penelopi found their leaves and plants changed in the twenth cling of an eye
	layer_12: doris and penelopi found their leaves and plants changed in the twenth cling of an eye

file: 6267-53049-0032.flac
expected: when missus fairweather had gone doris and penelope looked at each other
	layer_2: whene missus fer weaterl had gone dorisand pen alo be looked at ecoder
	layer_4: when missus far weter had gone dorisand pen a lope looked at each adder
	layer_6: when missus farewaderl had gone doris and penelopy looked at each other
	layer_8: when missus fairwader had gone dories and penelopi looked at each other
	layer_10: when missus fairwadel had gone dorries and penelope looked at each other
	layer_12: when missus fairwadel had gone dorries and penelopie looked at each other

file: 6267-65525-0000.flac
expected: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from below
	layer_2: at she slied intlo herd ble print oafter non drass her aund calgld to har fram bylow
	layer_4: at she sleaed into her blu printh afterknoown drass her ount calle to her fram bilo
	layer_6: as she sleped into her blue prine afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billaw
	layer_8: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billaw
	layer_10: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billow
	layer_12: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billow

file: 6267-65525-0001.flac
expected: aunt jane was standing at the foot of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and a year old baby clinging to the other
	layer_2: i'll jen rastanding hat the fod of the stairs witch a lampin one hand and the eur alld ba be clanging to the other
	layer_4: all jenerastanding at the fot of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and the yer all baby clanging to the other
	layer_6: all janeuowas standing at the fort of the stairs wik a lamp in one hand and the year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_8: aull jane was standing at the fod of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and the year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_10: auld jane was standing at the foot of the stairs wich a lamp in one hand and the year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_12: aund jane was standing at the foot of the stairs wich a lamp in one hand and the year old baby clanging to the other

file: 6267-65525-0002.flac
expected: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as a sunflower was aunt jane at all times and occasions
	layer_2: she was a bek shae ples omane we taron goood  neitured face gheerfor and vaer asit he sun flower was omto jain att all timesand o casens
	layer_4: she was a bick shapeless woman wih taoun good natured face cheerfor and volgeur as a sun flower was ont jane at all times and occasiente
	layer_6: she was a bigk shaples woman with around good natured face cheerfor and valger as a sun flower was oned jane at all times and occasions
	layer_8: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerfur and vulgar as the sun flower was omned jane at all times and occasions
	layer_10: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerfor and vulgar as the sun flower was auned jane at all times and occasions
	layer_12: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerfor and vulgar as the sun flower was awned jane at all times and occasions

file: 6267-65525-0003.flac
expected: i want to run over and see how missus brixby is this evening siddy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_2: i wunt tran over andsey ho missus bigs be aisthei s eivning scidy and you must take car of the baby tyli get thack
	layer_4: iwanterun over andsee how missus biggsd be is this evening sidy and you must ake care of the baby tel i get thack
	layer_6: i want  run over and se how missus biggs by is this evening cidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_8: i want t run over and see how missus biggsby is this evening sidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_10: i want to run over and see how missus biggsby is this evening sidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_12: i want to run over and see how missus biggsby is this evening sidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back

file: 6267-65525-0004.flac
expected: sidney sighed and went downstairs for the baby
	layer_2: sed they sihte and wen donster for the baby
	layer_4: sin tey sight and weent dawnceter for the baby
	layer_6: sin tay sihde and went downcter for the baby
	layer_8: since they sigde and went downsteirs for the baby
	layer_10: sin they sight and went downstairs for the baby
	layer_12: sin they sight and went downstairs for the baby

file: 6267-65525-0005.flac
expected: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_2: all her tayse were alike as far as hard wark and doness went but heatcepted them gerfulrey and ancoplaining te
	layer_4: all her tayswere alike as far as hard wark and dallness went but she haccepted them cheerfulrey and ancomplainingty
	layer_6: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfuly and uncomplainingly
	layer_8: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dulness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_10: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_12: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly

file: 6267-65525-0006.flac
expected: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_2: but he theed recant having to lokc afster the beby wern he wanthe torite her letter
	layer_4: but se did recant having to look after the baby wheren she wanted to rigte her letter
	layer_6: but she did resend having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_8: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_10: but she did recent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_12: but she did recent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter

file: 6267-65525-0007.flac
expected: the room was small a mere box above the kitchen which sidney shared with two small cousins
	layer_2: thereromus moan a mer boksaboue the kechin which seedin they shardy tods mare cousencs
	layer_4: the rumas mon a marebox above the kitching which seed in tei shargwey twots mar cousints
	layer_6: the rumars morne a mer box above the kitchen which sein the shargwit toods more cousins
	layer_8: the rumars mon a mare box above the kitchen which see in the sharweit twor smore cousins
	layer_10: the rumurs mon a mare box above the kitchen which see in the shargwit two r smore cousins
	layer_12: the rumu's mon a mare box above the kitchen which see in the shargwi twor smore cousins

file: 6267-65525-0008.flac
expected: her bed and the cot where the little girls slept filled up almost all the available space
	layer_2: her bat andd the caught were the litof girs laped eel d hot armost all the a teilaboe spae
	layer_4: her bad and the caught were the liatteoe girdslapped eilled aut armost all the a vailaboe space
	layer_6: her bad and the cout were the little girs slapped filled up armost all the availablre space
	layer_8: her bed and the cot were the little girl slapped filled up almost all the available space
	layer_10: her bed and the cot where the little girl slapped filled up almost all the available space
	layer_12: her bed and the cot where the little girl slapped filled up almost all the available space

file: 6267-65525-0009.flac
expected: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pea and the mouth zigzagged from ear to ear
	layer_2: is the that burctecuror angar one ei apar to be as large as an orength whil the ather was the scise of a pe and the mount zexocged from ear toer
	layer_4: jus he that particor anger one i appear to be as large as an orenge while the other was the sise of appe and the mot  exagketd from ear to ear
	layer_6: just at that particular angel one i appear to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of oppe and the mouth se xacted from ear to ear
	layer_8: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pe and the moust z exagt from ear to ear
	layer_10: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pee and the mouth ziexagt from ear to ear
	layer_12: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pee and the mouth zixagt from ear to ear

file: 6267-65525-0010.flac
expected: sidney hated that mirror as virulently as she could hate anything
	layer_2: sein thy hated thot mras vir laly a secouldate anyting
	layer_4: sin te hated that meras viro laly as se could hage anithing
	layer_6: sinthey hated that mirror's veru ladely as she could hade anything
	layer_8: sythe hated that mirrors very laely as she could hate anything
	layer_10: synnhe hated that mirrors very ladly as he could hate anything
	layer_12: synne hated that mirror's very latly as he could hate anything

file: 6267-65525-0011.flac
expected: her mother had died the day after and sidney thereupon had come into the hands of good aunt jane with those books for her dowry since nothing else was left after the expenses of the double funeral had been paid
	layer_2: ther mather had did to thay after and senny ther upon had come into the hands of god ownt jain weich tose boks for herd dolry sis nothing ancs was lett after thee expincies of the doberd finoro had bhen fea
	layer_4: ther mother had died to tey after and sidny ther upon had come into the hands of good ount jain which dhose boks for herd dolry since nothing als was latt after the expances of the doubele finerol had then faid
	layer_6: her mother had died to day after and sidnay their upon had come into the hands of good ount jane which those boks for herd dolry since nothing els was left after the expanses of the doubele finererl had then fate
	layer_8: her mother had died to day after and sidney their upon had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those books for her dowry since nothing else was left after the expanses of the double funeral had been faite
	layer_10: her mother had died to day after and sydney their up on had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those books for herdowry since nothing else was left after the expanses of the double funeral had been paied
	layer_12: her mother had died to day after and sydney their up on had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those books for hergdowry since nothing else was left after the expanses of the double funeral had been paited

file: 6267-65525-0012.flac
expected: presently she began to write with a flush of real excitement on her face
	layer_2: prsently shold began to rwhit weh the flarshal freerlexcitement ton her tace
	layer_4: presently shed began to rite with ta flsh a free excitement on her face
	layer_6: presently she began to write with a flush of freal excitement on her face
	layer_8: presently she began to write with a flush of frel excitement on her face
	layer_10: presently she began to write with a flush of rl excitement on her face
	layer_12: presently she began to write with a flush of ril excitement on her face

file: 6267-65525-0013.flac
expected: only one answer came to ellen douglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering editor of the maple leaf
	layer_2: allony one anser came too ielen duglness and that was for rar tet to herbid the long sulfering a dytor af the maol lif
	layer_4: only one anscwer came to elen dagless and that was forwardthed to her byde the long sulffering a detar off the mappo lef
	layer_6: only one answer came to alen daglas and that was forwarded to herby the long suffering a ditor of the mapel lif
	layer_8: only one answer came to ellen daglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering a ditar of the mappel lef
	layer_10: only one answer came to ellen duglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering aditar of the mappele leaf
	layer_12: only one answer came to ellen douglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering a ditaur of the mappele leaf

file: 6267-65525-0014.flac
expected: he wrote that although his age debarred him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with much interest and often had thought of answering some of the requests for correspondents
	layer_2: herwrod dat aldo his egstede bard h im from mampershipin the clop he was pwrenty and the lamit was eighten he rat the leters of the department wich marchin trs and al fom had toult of anser ing som of the rle quest for qoress on that
	layer_4: he ro that altog his egty burd him from mambership in the clab he was twenty and e limit was eighteen he rad the letters of the thepartment with marching teras and offorn had tougt of ansering som of the request for cress on dats
	layer_6: he wrot that although his agty bird him from embership in the clab he was twenty and tha limit was eighteen he rad the letters of the department with marching trest and oftern had thought of answering some of the requests for crest on thets
	layer_8: he wrote that although his agei bird him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with much interest and often had thought of answering some of the requests for crest on det
	layer_10: he wrote that although his agetive birth him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with much interest and often had thought of answering some of the request for crest on deths
	layer_12: he wrote that although his agetive birth him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with much interest and often had thought of answering some of the request for crest on debts

file: 6267-65525-0015.flac
expected: he never had done so but ellen douglas's letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_2: he never had doneso boud elendoblesses let ther was soing thresting that he had decided torigt to her
	layer_4: he never had don so but elandublesus latter was so intresting that he had decided to writ to her
	layer_6: he never had done so but ellendoglases letter was so intresting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_8: he never had done so but ellen dougla''s letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_10: she never had done so but ellan douglas's letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_12: she never had done so but ellan douglas's letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her

file: 6267-65525-0016.flac
expected: would she be kind enough to correspond with him
	layer_2: woul she beking i nough to cores pom with hm
	layer_4: would she beking enough to correspon with him
	layer_6: would she be king enough to correspond with him
	layer_8: would she be king enough to correspond with him
	layer_10: would she be king enough to correspond with him
	layer_12: would she be king enough to correspond with him

file: 6267-65525-0017.flac
expected: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times
	layer_2: o as to years aud from the east and had not yet forgoden to be hom seik atints
	layer_4: he was to years out from thei east and had not yed forgotten to be home seik at tines
	layer_6: he was two years out from their east and had not yet forgotten to be homesik at timnes
	layer_8: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesik at tines
	layer_10: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times
	layer_12: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times

file: 6267-65525-0018.flac
expected: sidney liked the letter and answered it
	layer_2: seevdey like the letter and aswoerad e
	layer_4: seitnay like the letter and atered et
	layer_6: sevnay like the letter and utterad eiat
	layer_8: sytne like the letter and utteread eat
	layer_10: cydne like the letter and ushered eat
	layer_12: cydne like the letter and ushered eat

file: 6267-65525-0019.flac
expected: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so
	layer_2: she never expecthed to me jonlincoe nor ddt she weshd to doso
	layer_4: she never expected to meet johnlinclne nordeigd she wish to dosaw
	layer_6: she never expected to meet john lincol nor did she wishe to do seo
	layer_8: she never expected to meet john lincolne nor did she wish to do so
	layer_10: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so
	layer_12: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so

file: 6267-65525-0020.flac
expected: in the correspondence itself she found her pleasure
	layer_2: in the corusson thans it salf shi fond herplation
	layer_4: in the coraspon dancitself she fand her plasion
	layer_6: in the correspondance itself she found her plasiun
	layer_8: in the correspondance itself she found her platiur
	layer_10: in the correspondance itself she found her plasia
	layer_12: in the correspondance itself she found her plasia

file: 6267-65525-0021.flac
expected: john lincoln wrote breezy accounts of ranch life and adventures on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug humdrum plainfield life that sidney always had the sensation of crossing a gulf when she opened a letter from the bar n as for sidney's own letter this is the way it read as she wrote it
	layer_2: jouhnlin cung rod gresia colns of fhrange life and hdtanters on the farwestome plains so ealin and  mored from s nihg ham dram rainfld life that seing nhe al weys had thet senzation off crossing a godd were an she apend alater from the bar and as forsinise own leter this is the way it read as she rolti
	layer_4: johnlin on roed brezia couns of frange life and a dvantures on the far westome pblains so alian and rmoh froms knugge ham dram brainfelld life that seinna always had the sensation off crossing a gofwere an she opened a latter from the bar and as forsinesce own latter this is the way it read as she raultit
	layer_6: johnl inconrot brizil counts of range life and atdventures on the far westerne plans so alien and remod from s nug hame dram brainfield life that sign ta always had the senzation of crossing a galf wheren she opened a latter from the bar and as for signes own letter this is the way it read as she rolted
	layer_8: john linconrot brazierccounts of rangh life and adventures on the far western plains so alien and remotde from snug hum drum brainfield life that sinthey always had the sensation of crossing a gul wern she opened a letter from the bar end as for sygne's own letter this is the way it read as she wroted
	layer_10: john linconroute brazierccounts of ranch life and adventures on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug ham drum rain field life that sinne always had the sensation of crossing a gulf whean she opened a letter from the bar end as for sygne's own ledder this is the way it read as she wrote it
	layer_12: john lincon route brizierccounts of rance life and adventures on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug ham drum rain field life that sinne always had the sensation of crossing a gulf wheen she opened a letter from the bar end as for sygne's own ledder this is the way it read as she wrote it

file: 6267-65525-0022.flac
expected: the evergreens plainfield dear mister lincoln
	layer_2: the aver greeans praintil der misterlincl
	layer_4: the aver greens braintfil der mister lincon
	layer_6: the aver greens brainfell dear mister lincol
	layer_8: the avergreens brainfille dear mister lincol
	layer_10: the evergreens brainfielle dear mister lincol
	layer_12: the evergreens brainfielle dear mister lincoll

file: 6267-65525-0023.flac
expected: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of music the hum of laughter and conversation
	layer_2: i love life and its plm and brelliency i love meting you peple i love the reple off measy the hamof lovhter and converstion
	layer_4: i love life and its bloom and briliency i love meeting you people i love the reple off musy the ham of  loveter and conversation
	layer_6: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meetting neu people i love the reple of musy the ham of logter and conversation
	layer_8: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of musi the harm of laugter and conversation
	layer_10: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of music the ham of laughter and conversation
	layer_12: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of music the ham of laughter and conversation

file: 6267-65525-0024.flac
expected: the man i had been talking with was paul moore the great novelist
	layer_2: the man i hade beng talkin wid was por more the grae nolt e
	layer_4: the man i had been dalking witd was ol more the grat knowldie
	layer_6: the man e had been talking wit was ol more the great nodie
	layer_8: the man i had been talking with was almore the great noledise
	layer_10: the man i had been talking with os pal more the great knoledy
	layer_12: the man i had been talking with wos pall more the great knowledys

file: 6267-65525-0025.flac
expected: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had laughed and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth through the insight he himself has given me
	layer_2: as it gwas i had cont ited him tows and he had loghdtandt lihkdit but his boks wil always have a nu mening to me hands fort tru tha inside he himselvf has given me
	layer_4: as it was i had contradicted him towice and he had loghed and liked it but his bokswil always have a new meaning to me hands fort true the inside he himself has given me
	layer_6: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had loughed and liked it but his boks will always have a new meaning to me handsforth true the inside he himself has given me
	layer_8: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had loved and liked it but his boks will always have a new meaning to me henceforth tru the inside he himself has given me
	layer_10: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had loved and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth through the inside he himself has given me
	layer_12: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had loved and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth through the inside he himself has given me

file: 6267-65525-0026.flac
expected: it is such meetings as these that give life its sparkle for me
	layer_2: it is seach mathings at the thes that geie life itsparconfor me
	layer_4: it is suchmetings at these that give life its parkon for me
	layer_6: it is such meetings at these that give life itsparkon for me
	layer_8: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkene for me
	layer_10: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkl for me
	layer_12: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkle for me

file: 6267-65525-0027.flac
expected: you will be weary of my rhapsodies over her
	layer_2: you we ae be wery of mygh rops ethese olver har
	layer_4: you weare be wery of my ropse these overher
	layer_6: youl be wearry of my ropsides overhar
	layer_8: you be weary of my robsodes overheir
	layer_10: you be weary of my rhopsodes over her
	layer_12: yu be weary of my rhopsodes over hear

file: 6267-65525-0028.flac
expected: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mood
	layer_2: she has sim pathy and ande standing for my avery mo
	layer_4: she has simpaty and understanding for my every mot
	layer_6: she has sympaty and understanding for my every mot
	layer_8: she has sympathy and understanding for y every mot
	layer_10: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mot
	layer_12: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mot

file: 6267-65525-0029.flac
expected: yours sincerely sidney richmond
	layer_2: yars sinsirvly sen nate recthmal
	layer_4: yrs sinsarely sennae richma
	layer_6: yurs cinserly sinna richman
	layer_8: yours sinserly sinnay richmant
	layer_10: yours cinserly sinnay richmond
	layer_12: your's cinserly sinnay richmond

file: 6267-65525-0030.flac
expected: aunt jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sidney said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenely she mailed her letter the next day and a month later an answer came
	layer_2: o jankcame hom presently and caried away her a s leiping baby seedntey sat her prayrs whent to that and slet sonly and sairaniley she mailed her latter the next day and the mantelater and unsorcang
	layer_4: out jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby seedney set her prayers went to bat and slept soundly and sirranily she mailed her latter the next day and the montlater and answer kame
	layer_6: out jane came home presently and carried away her sleepping baby senntey set her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serennilly she mailed her latter the next day and the month later and answer came
	layer_8: out jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby siney sait her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenilie she mailed her latter the next day and ha month later and answer came
	layer_10: out jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sidney said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenily she mailed her latter the next day and a month later and answer came
	layer_12: out jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sidne said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenily she mailed her latter the next day and a month later and answer came

file: 6267-65525-0031.flac
expected: sidney did not sleep that night but tossed restlessly about or cried in her pillow
	layer_2: seid maye e not sleepe that night but tost rastlesly obo to crd in her pell
	layer_4: sid maye e not sleep that night but tost rastlessly about or cried in her pelo
	layer_6: sit may de not sleep that night but thost restulessly about ho cried in her pelo
	layer_8: sidmay did not sleep that night but tozed restlessly about or cried in her pillow
	layer_10: sidnmay did not sleep that night but dosed restlessly about or cried in her pillow
	layer_12: sidmay did not sleep that night but dosed restlessly about or cried in her pillow

file: 6267-65525-0032.flac
expected: the good woman shook her head
	layer_2: the good womon shook her a
	layer_4: the good waorman shok her a
	layer_6: the good woman shook her ha
	layer_8: the good woman shook her had
	layer_10: the good woman shook her had
	layer_12: the good woman shook her had

file: 6267-65525-0033.flac
expected: sidney trod the way of the transgressor and found that its thorns pierced to bone and marrow
	layer_2: sidin they trat the way of the trans gressor and tond at its tons pirstd to bon and mar
	layer_4: sin ey trot the way of the trans grassor and found at its tans purset to bon and marrow
	layer_6: sidn ay throt the way of the trans grasser and found hat its thons burst to born and marrow
	layer_8: senatrot the way of the transgrassor and found that its thans burst to born and marrow
	layer_10: sidnle trot the way of the transgrassor and found that its thons burst to bon and marrow
	layer_12: sydne trot the way of the transgressor and found that its thorns burst to born and marrow

file: 6267-65525-0034.flac
expected: you see that road out thar
	layer_2: it see that therod allt thar
	layer_4: yoif see that the road all t dar
	layer_6: you see that the road oll it dar
	layer_8: you see that the road all its dark
	layer_10: you see that the road all it's dark
	layer_12: you see that the road all it's dark

file: 6267-65525-0035.flac
expected: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distant sea visible
	layer_2: and there was kno harber or glimps of thistensa tesibort
	layer_4: and there was no harbour or glimps of distuncy visibe
	layer_6: and there was no harbour or glimps of distancy visible
	layer_8: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distancy visible
	layer_10: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distancy visible
	layer_12: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distancy visible

file: 6267-65525-0036.flac
expected: had the hotel keeper made a mistake
	layer_2: ad the haultor keeper mi the mistake
	layer_4: had the haulter keeper my the istake
	layer_6: had the halter keeper my te mistake
	layer_8: had the halter keeper my ther mistake
	layer_10: had the halter keeper mither mistake
	layer_12: had the halter keeper mither mistake

file: 6267-65525-0037.flac
expected: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreens but myself
	layer_2: this is his place no bodycarsed the ever green but my self
	layer_4: this is his place nobody cardsit the evergreen but myself
	layer_6: this is his place nobody cors it the evergreen but myself
	layer_8: this is his place nobody calrs it the evergreen but myself
	layer_10: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreen but myself
	layer_12: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreen but myself

file: 6267-65525-0038.flac
expected: i don't understand he said perplexedly
	layer_2: i don'ton the stand he said bar lrecsidly
	layer_4: id don't on ther stand he said be plexk sedly
	layer_6: i don't understand he said barplexedly
	layer_8: i don't understand he said perplexedly
	layer_10: i don't understand he said perplexedly
	layer_12: i don't understand he said perplexedly

file: 6267-65525-0039.flac
expected: oh sidney threw out her hands in a burst of passionate protest
	layer_2: oh sidintetwo out her hands in the barst aolf bationabrolticst
	layer_4: ot sin e two out her hands in te borst off batienate proatest
	layer_6: o sin a two out her hands in a borst of patienat protest
	layer_8: ot simly two out her hands in a burst of patienate protest
	layer_10: o simly two out her hands in a burst of pationarte protest
	layer_12: ot simply two out her hands in a burst of pationarte protest

file: 6267-65525-0040.flac
expected: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand
	layer_2: no and you never wel on the stend ican't myk you on dhe sten
	layer_4: no and you never well un dthe stend ican't my e you on the stend
	layer_6: no and you never will understand i can't mak e you onthestand
	layer_8: no and you never will understand i can't make you un dherstand
	layer_10: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand
	layer_12: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand

file: 6267-65525-0041.flac
expected: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_2: everyting i tol yu obaltet and my life was just imunchination
	layer_4: everything i tol yo abaltid and my life was just imongination
	layer_6: everything i told you aboultid and my life was just imangination
	layer_8: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_10: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_12: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination

file: 6267-65525-0042.flac
expected: then why did you write them he asked blankly
	layer_2: thit whytdid you rhight dthemp he asked plantly
	layer_4: then why did you rit thamp he asked blankly
	layer_6: then why did you write tem he asked blankly
	layer_8: then why did you rite demp he asked blankly
	layer_10: then why did you write demp he asked blankly
	layer_12: then why did you write demp he asked blankly

file: 6267-65525-0043.flac
expected: why did you deceive me
	layer_2: why din yod tdheseie me
	layer_4: why di yo deceiv me
	layer_6: why did you deceive me
	layer_8: why did you deceive me
	layer_10: why did you deceive me
	layer_12: why did you deceive me

file: 6267-65525-0044.flac
expected: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_2: oh i didten't manto the seae you i neverthout of such af ting
	layer_4: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such ao thing
	layer_6: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_8: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_10: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_12: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing

file: 6267-65525-0045.flac
expected: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and empty
	layer_2: i just goden trit yu abot my life heare not because itwas har but i a so ouglyte and endpty
	layer_4: i just cooden trite you about my life here not because it was hard but it yoalso aglye and anty
	layer_6: i just couldn't rite you about my life here not because it was hard but it walso ugly and ampty
	layer_8: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it wa so ugly and empty
	layer_10: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and empty
	layer_12: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and empty

file: 6267-65525-0046.flac
expected: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_2: and wen wance i had begone i hak to kip it up
	layer_4: and when ance i had begon i had to kep it up
	layer_6: and when oncs i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_8: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_10: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_12: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up

file: 6267-65525-0047.flac
expected: i found it so fascinating too
	layer_2: i foundt itso fusim aking to
	layer_4: i found ight sol fusinating to
	layer_6: i found it so fasscinating to
	layer_8: i found it so fasscinating to
	layer_10: i found it sol fascinating to
	layer_12: i found it sol fascinating to

file: 6267-65525-0048.flac
expected: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_2: hos let ers mayde that aotheir life seem real to me i never yxpected to met you
	layer_4: those letteres ma that other life seeme real to me i never r epected to met you
	layer_6: those letters mayd that other life seem real to me i never espected to meet you
	layer_8: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_10: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_12: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you

file: 6267-65525-0049.flac
expected: these last four days since your letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_2: theselased for days sein shulether caim havde been treatfool to me
	layer_4: thes laset four days since yu latther came have been dreadful to me
	layer_6: this last four days since yu latter came have been threadful to me
	layer_8: this last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_10: this last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_12: this last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me

file: 6267-65525-0050.flac
expected: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_2: oh plys go away and sorcairee me if you can
	layer_4: oh plese go away and forcave me if you can
	layer_6: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_8: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_10: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_12: oh please go away and forgive me if you can

file: 6267-65525-0051.flac
expected: it was worse than she had even thought it would be
	layer_2: it t o as wars tan she had even told it would bhe
	layer_4: it was wars thanc she had even tought it would be
	layer_6: it was wars than she had even thought it would be
	layer_8: it was wors than she had even thought it would be
	layer_10: it was wors than she had even thought it would be
	layer_12: it was wors than she had even thought it would be

file: 6267-65525-0052.flac
expected: he was so handsome so manly so earnest eyed
	layer_2: teo was sou hadsom so mely so earest i
	layer_4: she was so hadsome so melly so earnest eid
	layer_6: she was so hadsome so mely so earnest eyed
	layer_8: she was so handsome so melly so earnest eyed
	layer_10: she was so handsome so melly so earnest eyed
	layer_12: she was so handsome so melly so earnest eyed

file: 6267-65525-0053.flac
expected: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_2: jounlinclon open the gate and wentd opto heir
	layer_4: jornelincon oppend the gate and went up too her
	layer_6: johrn lincoln opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_8: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_10: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_12: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to her

file: 6267-65525-0054.flac
expected: please don't distress yourself so sidney he said unconsciously using her christian name
	layer_2: pleas don't thistrys your sel so sidny he said an conciasly iusing her christin ne
	layer_4: please don't thistryse your self so sina he said unconciosly using her creast ian nay
	layer_6: please don't destrice yourself so sydnay he said unconsciously using her christian nay
	layer_8: please don't destrise yourself so sydney he said unconsciously using her christian name
	layer_10: please don't destress yourself so sidney he said unconsciously using her christian name
	layer_12: please don't destress yourself so sidney he said unconsciously using her christian name

file: 6267-65525-0055.flac
expected: i think i do understand
	layer_2: i think i dow on te sten
	layer_4: i thinkg i do on thestan
	layer_6: i think i do on the stand
	layer_8: i think i'd do on the stand
	layer_10: i think i do undher stand
	layer_12: i think i do unther stand

file: 6267-65525-0056.flac
expected: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for
	layer_2: iand not such a dal sellto as you take y for
	layer_4: and not such a dall selow as you take me for
	layer_6: im not such a dull sellow as you take me for
	layer_8: i'am not such a dull fellow as you take me for
	layer_10: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for
	layer_12: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for

file: 6267-65525-0057.flac
expected: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_2: after arl thoselators weret r rather there was trut in them
	layer_4: after alr those letters were tue or rather there was trut in them
	layer_6: after alrl those letters were through or rather there was truth in them
	layer_8: after all those letters were truegh or rather there was truth in them
	layer_10: after all those letters were trueh or rather there was truth in them
	layer_12: after all those letters were trueh or rather there was truth in them

file: 6267-65525-0058.flac
expected: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_2: the soung man wals sertimnly good at un der staning
	layer_4: the soung man wa certainly good at understanding
	layer_6: the young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_8: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_10: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_12: this young man was certainly good at understanding

file: 6267-65525-0059.flac
expected: you you'll forgive me then she stammered
	layer_2: you you rl forgive me than she stemoat
	layer_4: you you'll forgive me then she stemald
	layer_6: you you'll forgive me then she stemltd
	layer_8: yo you'll forgive me then she stamultd
	layer_10: yoe you'll forgive me then she stamerled
	layer_12: yoe you'll forgive me then she stamerled

file: 7697-245715-0000.flac
expected: but in the state of innocence there would have been no weakness of old age
	layer_2: but invhe stav oe the nisonce they woul hav bee lord nissipul age
	layer_4: but inver stavof thinisens they woull have bee lowrd nessipal age
	layer_6: but in ve stav of pinicens they would have been lowed necifol ge
	layer_8: but in the state of inicencs they would have been lowered nescifol age
	layer_10: but in the state of inocence they would have been lowered nissifhold age
	layer_12: but in the state of vinnocence they would have been lowered nissipold age

file: 7697-245715-0001.flac
expected: on the contrary everything generated is first imperfect but in the state of innocence children would have been begotten by generation
	layer_2: on the contry everythin generade ed ispirsting perofect but bingthe citepenissencs chirding wi hap beiin bh gotan byageneration
	layer_4: om the contrary everything generadeed in spursting perfect but en the citionicens churgin will hapbein the gardtemd bi generation
	layer_6: on the contrary everything generated in sfirsting perfect but in the citicenicence children will hap bein the gaden by generation
	layer_8: on the contrary everything generated in s firsting perfect but in the citichaniscence children will haebein the garden by generation
	layer_10: on the contrary everything generated in is first ingperfect but in the cinicaniscence children will hav beeng the garden by generation
	layer_12: on the contrary everything generated it its firstingperfect but in the cinicaniscence children will hav beeng the garden by generation

file: 7697-245715-0002.flac
expected: therefore from the first they would have been imperfect in bodily size and power
	layer_2: theirefor from the first they wil happeen in prfect enbodin escize and power
	layer_4: therefore from the first they wild happen in perfect inbot an eciseand power
	layer_6: therefore from the first they wuld happen in perfect inbudan le size and power
	layer_8: therefore from the first they would happeen imperfect inbudan e size and power
	layer_10: therefore from the first they would hape ben imperfect in buodany size and power
	layer_12: therefore from the first they would hape ben imperfect in bodanysize and power

file: 7697-245715-0003.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be born on the contrary nature's process in generation would have been in harmony with the manner in which it was established by god
	layer_2: theoaefore in testat e pinicence they was kno need for women to be born on the constrary euous percas in gemeration wout happin incominy with nmeater in which it wasestapishe pby got
	layer_4: the arefore in the stateof inocence they was no need for womeng to be born on the contrary deteres persas in generation woutd happen incommony with maner in which it was es tablished by got
	layer_6: therefore in the stat of innocence there was no need for a woming to be born on the contrary niture's porcass in generation would happyen incommony with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for a wiming to be born on the contrary neatures porcests in generation woutd happe ing in comody with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for a womming to be borne on the contrary dachr's poorcess in generation would happen in comody with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for a womming to be borne on the contrary datre's poorcess in generation would happen in comidy with manner in which it was established by god

file: 7697-245712-0000.flac
expected: four whether in that state man would have been master over men
	layer_2: for whither indas state men wild have be mester romean
	layer_4: for whither intastate men would have be mester remen
	layer_6: for whiether in that state men wuld have ben mester a remen
	layer_8: for whither in that state men would have been master o roman
	layer_10: for whither in that state men would have been master o roman
	layer_12: for whither in that state men would have been master o roman

file: 7697-245712-0001.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals
	layer_2: theefor in the statifpinisencs ban had no massership of the animaos
	layer_4: therefore in the steadofponizense man had no massership of the animals
	layer_6: therefore in the stat of innicence men had no massership of the animals
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals

file: 7697-245712-0002.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence before man had disobeyed nothing disobeyed him that was naturally subject to him
	layer_2: theirefore in the catpinosense before manhad tsbade nogh in osbadem that wals naturaly subjeact to haime
	layer_4: therefore in the sat of inocence before manahad it spade nothing disbade that was naturally subjact to haim
	layer_6: therefore in the stat of inocence before mannar had ispad nothing disbae in that was naturally subject to him
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence before mannor had it spade nothing dispaed am that was naturally subject to him
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence before manno had it spade nothing disbayed him that was naturally subject to him
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence before manno had it spade nothing disbayed him that was naturally subject to him

file: 7697-245712-0003.flac
expected: secondly this is proved by the order of divine providence which always governs inferior things by the superior
	layer_2: sigin la dhis us prue by the adr of di vind trovedeece which hil escovers an ferythingsby theisurppero
	layer_4: segondly this isprove by the order or divine providinence which hi las coverns in feryu things by the s uperior
	layer_6: seigond ly dis approved by the order divine providenence which hihoes coverance in fero things by thisoperio
	layer_8: secondly disapproved by the order o a divine provideence which hioes goverancse inferio things by the superior
	layer_10: secondly disapproved by the order of a divine providence which hires governs inferior things by the superior
	layer_12: secondly disapproved by the order of divine provience which hirees governs inferior things by the superior

file: 7697-245712-0004.flac
expected: thirdly this is proved from a property of man and of other animals
	layer_2: thertainly dhis is provfed from  provertiyvf man and  other nmals
	layer_4: thertainly tisisproved tforom a proberave man and fother animals
	layer_6: thertainly dis as proved forom a probertave man and bother animals
	layer_8: tertainly this as proved from a probartave man and other animals
	layer_10: certainly tis as proved from a probargavof man and other animals
	layer_12: certainly thisas proved from a probagavo man and other animals

file: 7697-245712-0005.flac
expected: now whatever is participated is subject to what is essential and universal
	layer_2: now what averis part his pade is subjated what is essential and inverso
	layer_4: now whataveries parthis paden is tobjated what is the sential and enlverso
	layer_6: now whataveryes partis pated is ubjected what is thessential and inoverso
	layer_8: now whataveriese part is paiten is subjectod what is essential and universal
	layer_10: now whatavariese part is painted is subject to what is essential and universal
	layer_12: now what avariese part is painted is subject to what is essential and universal

file: 7697-245712-0006.flac
expected: therefore the subjection of other animals to man is proved to be natural
	layer_2: theireforet as bjaction  other animals to man ais prooe to be natural
	layer_4: therefore  asjaction of other animals to man as proke to be natural
	layer_6: therefore a sbjection of other animals to man asprooke o be natural
	layer_8: therefore a subjection of other animals to man as proof to be natural
	layer_10: therefore a subjection of other animals to man as proof to be natural
	layer_12: therefore a subjection of other animals to man as proof to be natural

file: 7697-245712-0007.flac
expected: they would not however on this account have been excepted from the mastership of man as neither at present are they for that reason excepted from the mastership of god whose providence has ordained all this
	layer_2: they would now hiver on this cond have been accaepted from the master ship of men as neither at pressenenor they for that reason excepte from the massership or plaut was providens has wr dain athis
	layer_4: they would no hiver on this cont have been accepted from the mastershp of men as neither at pressen ore they for that reason axceptede from the mastership of plad was providens has ordain a this
	layer_6: they would no hiver on this cont have been accepted from the mastershp of men as neither at presen or they for thair reason accepted from the mastership af plad whas providence has ordan a this
	layer_8: they would now however on this kund hath been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of plat whose providence has ordain all this
	layer_10: they would now however on this kund havte been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of plat whose providence has ordain all this
	layer_12: they would now however on this kund have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of plat whose providence has ordain all this

file: 7697-245712-0008.flac
expected: this is signified by the fact that god led the animals to man that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_2: this isicun findt by facth hat go let ateley enimost to men that he mugt gve the names expressive of their respectifd natures
	layer_4: this a sigontfied bye fact that got led a tey animost to men that he mut gave the names expressive of their respect ofe natures
	layer_6: this a sigonfied by the fact that god led at the animost to men that he might gave the name's expressive of their respect ovf natures
	layer_8: this is signfied by the fact that god let at the animas to men that he might give the names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_10: this is signified by the fact that god led at the animals to men that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_12: this is signified by the fact that god led at the animals to men that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures

file: 7697-245712-0009.flac
expected: so all animals would have obeyed man of their own accord as in the present state some domestic animals obey him
	layer_2: so aanmes woue have a bit man a ther ow cord as in the pressens day some to mesticg inmos abea himg
	layer_4: so o anamos would have a bet men of therow court as ien the presens day some to mestic enmos abayhimg
	layer_6: so all animes would have a bid men of their own court as in the presencs days some domestic enimos obeyhing
	layer_8: so all animies would have a bit men of their own court as in the presente day some domestic animos obey hinmg
	layer_10: so all animiels would have a bit man of their own court as in the presente days some domestic animals obey himg
	layer_12: so all animiels would have a bit man of their own court as in the present days some domestic animals obey himg

file: 7697-245712-0010.flac
expected: objection one it would seem that in the state of innocence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_2: objacktsiuln one itwlas seeme that en nhesavnissense man oul not havlfe had masership ol er al other creatures
	layer_4: objacktion one itwill seeme that inthe savnicense man wold not half had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_6: objaction one it w'll seem that in tha safonicence men would not have had masteship over all other creatures
	layer_8: objection one it will seem that in tha safe inocence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_10: objection one it will seem that in the safe innocence man would not havehad mastership over all other creatures
	layer_12: objection one it will seem that in the safe innocence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures

file: 7697-245712-0011.flac
expected: much less therefore would it have obeyed man in the state of innocence
	layer_2: much las vbeyfor woutd e have a bat men inthe sat of i nniscene
	layer_4: much last vare for would he have a bate men in the stat of inecence
	layer_6: much last a for would e have a bate men in the state of innocence
	layer_8: much last vavfour would he have abaite men in the state of innocence
	layer_10: much less vavae four would he have abait men in the state of innocence
	layer_12: much less vave four would he have obait men in the state of innocence

file: 7697-245712-0012.flac
expected: therefore since it is by his reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems that in the state of innocence man had no dominion over plants
	layer_2: theiaefore sings it isd by this reason that manis comfiten to hap mastership it seems fvetin the stivansance man hanold mean in over plens
	layer_4: the refore since it ise by this reason that man es competent to havle mastership it seems fering thi statenance man hadnod men an overplens
	layer_6: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems fering the sta finsance man had not been in overplans
	layer_8: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems fetying the state f inosence man had not ben in overplans
	layer_10: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems fetting the state of insence man had not been an overplans
	layer_12: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems fetting the state of inosence man had not been an overplans

file: 7697-245712-0013.flac
expected: now in man reason has the position of a master and not of a subject
	layer_2: now h mem reason the hast position of master and nowt ota subject
	layer_4: now e menreason the has to position of master and nowt of ha subject
	layer_6: now we men reason the has to position of a master and not of the subject
	layer_8: now we men reason has ta position of a master and not of a subject
	layer_10: now we men reason has the position of a master and not of a subject
	layer_12: now we men reason has the position of a master and not of a subject

file: 7697-245712-0014.flac
expected: i answer that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexual union have been sterile
	layer_2: i n ser tat we must nese odmit that in th primutof stath ther would have been some inecuadity at least as regord's sex becaus generation thepencsupon dogersityoe sex and likeuice as regard's ag for some oud have been born of others norwod sexur uny have been sterral
	layer_4: i inswerved that we must neas omit that in the primutive state theye would have been some inequadity at least as regards sex because generation thepenceupon doversitaof sex and likewice as regards age for some would have been borne of others nor would saxura uning have been staral
	layer_6: i insere that we must nes amit that in eprimitive state the would have been some inequadity at least as regard sex because generation depends pon diversita oef sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been borne of others nor would sexr uniyng have been steril
	layer_8: i inswered that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regard sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexr uning have been steril
	layer_10: i insere that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexua uni have been steril
	layer_12: i insered that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexual unin have been steril

file: 7697-245712-0015.flac
expected: there might also have been bodily disparity
	layer_2: there migdt also have been bud it ly gdisparity
	layer_4: theire might also have been budetly disbarity
	layer_6: there might also have been bunnetly disparity
	layer_8: there might also have been bunnetly disparity
	layer_10: there might also have been bunnetly desparity
	layer_12: there might also have been bunnetly desparity

file: 7697-245712-0016.flac
expected: inequality might also arise on the part of nature as above described without any defect of nature
	layer_2: inacoredta myd als we rise on thef pars of nature as bove destribped without ana defaslnature
	layer_4: an acorety mit alse wer rise on the pards of nature as bove describped without any difactfl nature
	layer_6: na cority might alsoorris on the parts of nature as bove described without any defactful nature
	layer_8: anaccority might also rise on the parts of nature as bove described without any defectful nature
	layer_10: an accority might also rise on the parts of nature as above described without any defectful nature
	layer_12: an accority might also rise on the parts of nature as above described without any defectful nature

file: 7697-245712-0017.flac
expected: objection one it would seem that in the state of innocence man would not have been master over man
	layer_2: objacktiin one he wil semd that amisteadif himissens man ould not hap pbe mestervermen
	layer_4: objuction one he ill seemed that amistae of themsins man uld not hap bey masterer men
	layer_6: objection one he will seem that in the state of cosence man would not have be master over men
	layer_8: objection one hewill seem that in the state of connocence man would not ha pbee master over men
	layer_10: objection one it will seem that in the state of innaicence man would not happee master over men
	layer_12: objection one it will seem that in the state of unnoiscence man would not happee master over men

file: 7697-245712-0018.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence man would not have been subject to man
	layer_2: therefore in the stayde of the misens mawould now hav peen subjate man
	layer_4: therefore in the state of he misence man would now have been subjata man
	layer_6: therefore in the state of imissence man would not have been subject a man
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence man would not have been subject a man
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence men would not have been subject to man
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence man would not have been subject to man

file: 7697-245712-0019.flac
expected: in another sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he who has the office of governing and directing free men can be called a master
	layer_2: inother sense messership is referid an ageneral sens to any cont of subjept and in this senceven ha hased the officeof covernyg and diructing free men ta bhe caugt himaster
	layer_4: inother sense masership is referd ana general sencs to anycon of subject and inthis sens even he hased the office of coverning and diructing free men ca be caugt a master
	layer_6: in other sense masership is referred an a general sense to any kin of subject and in this sense even he hast the office of coverning and directing free men ca be cagh a master
	layer_8: in other sense maseorship is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he has the office of governing and directing free men can be caught a master
	layer_10: in other sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he has the office of governing and directing free men can be caught a master
	layer_12: in other sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he has the office of governing and directing free men can be caught a master

file: 7697-245712-0020.flac
expected: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the state of innocence between man and man for two reasons
	layer_2: such a con of masteshould would have existed in te stad ifnises betwin a nd men for two reasons
	layer_4: such a conof master should would have existed in di stead fonices between me and men for two reasons
	layer_6: such a kin of mastaenshipt would have existed in the steadfanesses between mee and men for two reasons
	layer_8: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the steadfinesces between man and men for two reasons
	layer_10: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the steadfinesces between mayn and men for two reasons
	layer_12: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the steadfinesses between mayn and men for two reasons

file: 7697-105817-0000.flac
expected: more than this he hath been heard to rail on you my lord who are now his judge
	layer_2: mor than this ye have being herd to rayilon you my lod for a now iezse jug
	layer_4: more than this he have being her to railon you my lord for ar now hise judge
	layer_6: more than this he have been heard to rail on you my lord wore i now his judge
	layer_8: more than this he hate been heard to rail on you my lord wher a now his judge
	layer_10: more than this he hath been heard to rail on you my lord where i now his judge
	layer_12: more than this he hath been heard to rail on you my lord where i now his judge

file: 7697-105817-0001.flac
expected: judge thy just doom would be to die on the spot still let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_2: sut thi jous doom would be to doriuon the spot stop let us hear whatdou hasto say
	layer_4: jot dhid just doom would be to dari on the spot stop let is here what thou has to sayin
	layer_6: jurch ty just doom would be to dry on the spot stop let us here what thou hast to sayi
	layer_8: juch dhy just doom would be to de on the spot stop let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_10: juc thi gust doom would be to die on the spot stoop let us hear what thou has to say
	layer_12: jrgh dhie gust doom would be to die on the spot stoop let us hear what thou has to say

file: 7697-105817-0002.flac
expected: then the judge to sum up the case spoke thus you see this man who has made such a stir in our town
	layer_2: then the juge to some op the cangs spetk ths you seev is man who hasd made such a stiry now ra cown
	layer_4: then the judge to some up the kags spoke this you sei his men who has made such a stirry nowre town
	layer_6: then the judge to somewop the kans spoke thos you see this men who has made such a stirryng nard town
	layer_8: then the judge to some of the kings spoke thers you see this man who has made such a stirry nard town
	layer_10: then the judge to some of the kings spoke theirs you see this man who hast made such a stirryng naredtown
	layer_12: then the judge to some of the kings spoke theirs you see this man who has made such a stirryng naretown

file: 7697-105817-0003.flac
expected: thus while one lost his life for the truth a new man rose from his death to tread the same way with christian
	layer_2: thes wil wene nost is lihke bartittouth and new man ros from his death the trevbe seeme way wias quistion
	layer_4: thus whi wele nost his lik poar te thouth a new men rols from his death the traea seem way was quistion
	layer_6: thus why hen ignot his likor the throuth a new men rose from his death the trabers seame way was quistion
	layer_8: thus whyl wen lot his lake por the truth a new man rose from his death the traber seamed way was quistioned
	layer_10: thus why when not his lock for the truth a new man rose from his death the trabbeseeme way was questioned
	layer_12: thus why when not his lock for the truth a new man rose from his death the trabesem way was questioned

file: 7697-105817-0004.flac
expected: come good hopeful said christian let us walk on the grass
	layer_2: com goohele ful sa cresh im let tes ward ron the gras
	layer_4: come goo help ful said crish am letters walk on the grass
	layer_6: come god helpful said crisham letters walk on the grass
	layer_8: come good helpful said ghrisham letturs walk on the grass
	layer_10: come good helpful said griesham let us walk on the grass
	layer_12: come good helpful said grisham let us walk on the grass

file: 7697-105817-0005.flac
expected: so they set off through the field
	layer_2: so theset of trore the feeimes
	layer_4: so they set o through the femes
	layer_6: so they sat olf through the femes
	layer_8: so they sat off through the fieme
	layer_10: so they set off through the fumes
	layer_12: so they set off through the fume

file: 7697-105817-0006.flac
expected: hopeful i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hint christian good friend i grieve that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_2: hubfol i had my fears from the first and so gave ye ar hen priston gu friend i wre that i have brugth yu out of the rigte path
	layer_4: hupefour i had my fears from the first and so gave ou a hant phristan go friend i give that i havh broght you out of the right palf
	layer_6: popefor i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hat christian good friend i grieve that i hate brought you out of the right path
	layer_8: hopefoul i have my fears from the first and so gave you a hat christian good friend i grieve that i hath brought you out of the right path
	layer_10: hopeful i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hat christian good friend i grieve that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_12: hopeful i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hait christian good friend i grieve that i have brought you out of the right path

file: 7697-105817-0007.flac
expected: hopeful say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_2: oful sayn a more no doubt it is for ouigood
	layer_4: oful sayn no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_6: hopful say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_8: hopeful say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_10: hopeful say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_12: hopeful say no more no doubt it is for our good

file: 7697-105817-0008.flac
expected: christian we must not stand thus let us try to go back
	layer_2: proshan we  must no sten thus leteusthridti gold bag
	layer_4: prischan whl ye must now stend t hus let us try t glld bagk
	layer_6: crishian were you must now stend thus let us try to gol bag
	layer_8: christian where you must now stand thus let us try to go bag
	layer_10: christian where you must now stand thus let us try to go bag
	layer_12: christian where you must now stand thus let us try to go bag

file: 7697-105817-0009.flac
expected: then said giant despair you have no right to force your way in here the ground on which you lie is mine
	layer_2: then set trind dispair o have no rite of fortal waykim here the grounk nong which you lye is mying
	layer_4: then set dtrined despair you have no right of fortual wa ine here the ground non wich you lie is mine
	layer_6: then sep dtrying despair you have no right of fortual way geine here the ground on which you lie is min
	layer_8: then septry in despair you have no right of fortual way geim her the ground on which you lie it's myi
	layer_10: then septry in despair you have no right of fortual way n here the ground on which you lie i's myine
	layer_12: then septry in despair you have no right of foretual way en here the ground on which you lie is mine

file: 7697-105817-0010.flac
expected: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fault
	layer_2: they had not much to say as bee knew that thy wreing fourt
	layer_4: the had not much to say as bee knew that they wereing fort
	layer_6: they had not much to say as bey knew that they were in fort
	layer_8: they had not much to say as bhey knew that they were in fort
	layer_10: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fort
	layer_12: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fort

file: 7697-105817-0011.flac
expected: and by this act we kill our souls as well
	layer_2: and by besact wih cuelour sos aswell
	layer_4: and by tisact wic oul our sols as well
	layer_6: and by thisack wic u our sols as well
	layer_8: and by this ack whic kild our souls as well
	layer_10: and by this ackt we kill our souls as well
	layer_12: and by this act we kill our souls as well

file: 7697-105815-0000.flac
expected: he now went on till he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this he did two or three times
	layer_2: he now when tong to hecim to the house ad ha dorf which he was to not this it it two or fhree tomns
	layer_4: he know when tonge to he cam to the house had te doorifh which he was to knock this idid two or three tcomes
	layer_6: he now when tongue to he came to the house had a door if which he was to knock this id et two or three times
	layer_8: he now when tonged till he came to the house at a door of which he was to knock this it it two or three times
	layer_10: he now went tong till he came to the house at a door of which he was to knock this it it two or three times
	layer_12: he now went tong till he came to the house at a door of which he was to knock this it it two or three times

file: 7697-105815-0001.flac
expected: christian i have come to see the good man of the house
	layer_2: christin i have come to see to gould man ef the house
	layer_4: gristian i have come to ca ta good mann af the house
	layer_6: ghristian i have come to see a good man at the house
	layer_8: christian i have come to see t a good man at the house
	layer_10: christian i have come to see i a good man at the house
	layer_12: christian i have come to see t a good man at the house

file: 7697-105815-0002.flac
expected: christian sir i am come from the city of destruction and am on my way to mount zion
	layer_2: cristion sir i ancomfrom the city of the suption and anm ma myy way t mont son
	layer_4: christian sir i am come from the city of disreptian and emomy way to monsun
	layer_6: christian sir i am come from the city of desruptian and am o my way to montsaium
	layer_8: christian sir i am come from the city of desruptian and am on my way to montsalem
	layer_10: christian sir i am come from the city of descreptian and am on my way to montsayen
	layer_12: christian sir i am come from the city of descreptian and am on my way to montsaen

file: 7697-105815-0003.flac
expected: i was told by the man that stands at the gate that if i came here you would show me good things that would help me
	layer_2: i was stod by the man thestands of hegate that it fa him here you shewl me go things bat would helt me
	layer_4: i wils stoled by the men the stands af the gate that it fid ham here you shaol me goo things that would help me
	layer_6: i will stold by the man the stands a the gate that if i cam here you woul show me good things that would help me
	layer_8: i was stowed by the man tha stands at the gate that if i cam here you would show me good things that would help me
	layer_10: i was stowed by the man that stands at the gate that if i came heare you woill show me good things that would help me
	layer_12: i was stowed by the man that stands at the gate that if i came hear you woill show me good things that would help me

file: 7697-105815-0004.flac
expected: he stood as if he would plead for men and a crown of gold hung near his head
	layer_2: he stoode as inf he would pletofur men and a crown af gold har near he s hat
	layer_4: he stood as if he would pleafur mean and a crown of gold har near his head
	layer_6: he stood as if he would plea for men and a crown of gold har near his heard
	layer_8: he stood as if he would plea for men and a crown of gold harm near his heard
	layer_10: he stood as if he would plea for men and a crown of gold halm near his heard
	layer_12: he stood as if he would plea for men and a crown of gold halm near his heard

file: 7697-105815-0005.flac
expected: christian what does this mean
	layer_2: quistion whad this is mean
	layer_4: qhuistion what dthis this mean
	layer_6: qhuistian what dthis this mean
	layer_8: qhuristian what does this mean
	layer_10: qhuristian what does this mean
	layer_12: qhuristian what does this mean

file: 7697-105815-0006.flac
expected: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweep it
	layer_2: then he too he to a lart room that was foe of dust for i had not bing swuept and inthorpred ar tolt hics man to sweetpet
	layer_4: then he took him to a larch room that was fol of dust for it had not being swept and interpereder tod his man to sweetlid
	layer_6: then he took him to a large room that was fool of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter tod his man to sweet it
	layer_8: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter tod his man to sweepit
	layer_10: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter tol this man to sweep it
	layer_12: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told this man to sweep it

file: 7697-105815-0007.flac
expected: christian what means this
	layer_2: quist om what mangsthese
	layer_4: quistian what miangs bese
	layer_6: quistian what means bese
	layer_8: qhristian what means tes
	layer_10: quistian what means thes
	layer_12: quistian what means thes

file: 7697-105815-0008.flac
expected: then you next saw the maid come in to lay the dust so is sin made clean and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_2: the you nat sowt  made com en to nade dus so i seeme may cing and lade lo by fain the bok
	layer_4: thoen you nat sort made comin to lader dust so e seem may cling and lade low by faith in the bok
	layer_6: the eunat sord o made come ing to lat e dust so we seem may cling and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_8: the unat sawed a made come into lad a dust so we seemed may cling and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_10: the unat sawad a maid come into laider dust so e seemed may cling and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_12: the unat saw d a maid come into laider dust so e seemed may cling and laid low by faith in the book

file: 7697-105815-0009.flac
expected: just as christian came up to the cross his load slid from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_2: just ask thristion cemnup to the crows a s lo slae fronhis bact clols to demouthefd te tom wher it felling and i sawt no mor
	layer_4: just ask hristion came up to the crows eselowd slay from his bak clos to the mous of the tumb were it felling and i saw id no more
	layer_6: just ask pchristian came up to the crows he slowd sli from his back clos to the mouts of the tomb where it fellin and i saw it no more
	layer_8: just as christian came up to the crowus he slow sli from his back closed to the mouths of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_10: just as christian came up to the craouse he slow slidd from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_12: just as christian came up to the kraouse he slow slid from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more

file: 7697-105815-0010.flac
expected: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ones came to him and one of them said peace be to thee thou hast grace from thy sins
	layer_2: as he stood those an wet lo three boighd ans centhhin and one of them said hes pee o thee thou hast rish bron thiae seings
	layer_4: as he stood those ind wept lo three brighte ons canp tim and one of them said hes peto thee thou hast greash prom thy sings
	layer_6: as he stood those and wept lo three bright onece can to him and one of them sad p peeto thee thou hat grese from thy sings
	layer_8: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ones cane t him and one of them sad pea beto thee thou hast gree from thy sings
	layer_10: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ones came to hame and one of them said pease be to thee thou hast greced from thy sings
	layer_12: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ones came to haime and one of them said pease be to thee thou hast greced from thy sings

file: 7697-105815-0011.flac
expected: christian gave three leaps for joy and sang as he went ah what a place is this blest cross blest tomb
	layer_2: tcristion gave free leapes for jol and sen as he went ahh what a plas hos fis blast craows blest too
	layer_4: thristian gave three leaps for joyl and sen as he went ah what a plays his fis blast crows blest toon
	layer_6: christian gave three leaps for joy and sen as he went ah what a plays his this blast craws blast tun
	layer_8: christian gave three leaps for joly and send as he went ah what a plays his fiz blast cras blast tun
	layer_10: christian gave three leavs for joy and sein as he went ah what a plays is fiz blaste cras blast tun
	layer_12: christian gave three leaps for joy and sain as he went ah what a plays is fiz blaste cras blast tun

file: 7697-105815-0012.flac
expected: he went on thus till he came to a vale where he saw three men who were in a sound sleep with chains on their feet
	layer_2: he wen tom this to he came to a ve where he self re men who werein a sone sleep with chan son de a feet
	layer_4: he went tonme this til he came to a veil wheri hi selferemen who warein a sane sleep with chans on the arfeet
	layer_6: he went on thus till he came to a veil where his sopherymen who werein a soun sleep with chains on the ofeet
	layer_8: he went on thus till he came to a veil where hes sutery men who were in a sound sleep with chains on d ofit
	layer_10: he went on thus till he came to a vale where hes soferey men who were ain a sound sleep with chains on the opete
	layer_12: he went on thus till he came to a vale where he sopery men who were ein a sound sleep with chains on the eo'phette

file: 7697-105815-0013.flac
expected: christian sirs whence come you and where do you go
	layer_2: cuiston sirs blencs combyou and weare t ta go
	layer_4: qhuistian sers lence compou and where ty the go
	layer_6: qhuistian serch lende comb and wher to tago
	layer_8: christian sirs lens combue and where do a go
	layer_10: christian sirch lenz combu and where do a go
	layer_12: christian sirch lens combu and where do e go

file: 7697-105815-0014.flac
expected: formalist and hypocrisy we were born in the land of vain glory and are on our way to mount zion for praise
	layer_2: fr mansed and pocpersy we reborn ing thelended plain lory and our owno way  moundine for pras
	layer_4: for malised and poceracy we reborning the landefain glory and our on nou way t mount dine for prais
	layer_6: for maist and hpocricy we reborn in the landof pain glori and our own nowr way to mounts dine for praise
	layer_8: for madest and hypocrisy we reborn in the land of painglory and our own our way to mount din for praise
	layer_10: for maddest and hypocrisy we reborn in the land of paineglory and our own our way to mount tine for praise
	layer_12: for maddest and hypocrisy we re born in the land of paineglory and our own our way to mount dine for praise

file: 7697-105815-0015.flac
expected: know you not that he that comes not in at the door but climbs up to get in the same is a thief
	layer_2: no eou not that he that coms noting hat a door thut claomsep to getting the sayme masha thief
	layer_4: know yoae not that he that comes not in that a door but clambsep to getting the same masar thief
	layer_6: know yu not that he that comes not in et adoor but climpsup to getting the same as a thief
	layer_8: now you not that he that comes not in at adoor but clims up to getting the same as a thief
	layer_10: know you not that he that comes not in at a door but climps up to getting the same as a thief
	layer_12: know you not that he that comes not in at a door but climps up to getting the same as a thief

file: 7697-105815-0016.flac
expected: they told christian that he had no need for care on that score for long use had made it law and they could prove that it had been so for years
	layer_2: the tol quistion that e had nonly for car on thes gor for nong use havd made e law and they could prove thaty had bein siover years
	layer_4: the told qhuistian that he had nonly for care on thes gor for long eus had made a law and they could proved that havd been silver years
	layer_6: they told qhuistian that he had knownly for care on thes gore for long ews had made i law and they could prove that it had been silver years
	layer_8: they told christiand that he had known e for care on descore for long yeurhs had made a law and they could prove that it had been silver years
	layer_10: they told christianed that he had knownly for care on descore for long years had made a law and they could prove that it had been silver years
	layer_12: they told christianed that he had knowny for care on descore for long years had made a law and they could prove that it had been silver years

file: 7697-105815-0017.flac
expected: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_2: yes sid thing nodotevedt
	layer_4: yes said thing kno dobt ofid
	layer_6: yes said thing no doubt of it
	layer_8: yes said thing no doubt of it
	layer_10: yes said thi no doubt of it
	layer_12: yes said the no doubt of it

file: 7697-105815-0018.flac
expected: and if we get in the road at all pray what are the odds
	layer_2: and if we getting tho brot et l pray what or hy os
	layer_4: and if we getting the roate at all prey what ar the ods
	layer_6: and if wee getting the roate at all pray what are thiodds
	layer_8: and if were getting the roatd at all pray what are the odds
	layer_10: and if were getting the roat at all pray what are the odds
	layer_12: and if we're getting the roat at all pray what are the odds

file: 7697-105815-0019.flac
expected: is not our case as good as yours
	layer_2: tsnot our cas us goodtastyouras
	layer_4: dsnot our a case as g dhasturs
	layer_6: do not our acase as good es ors
	layer_8: ds not our ccase as good asetors
	layer_10: s not our case as good asors
	layer_12: is not our case as good as oris

file: 7697-105815-0020.flac
expected: i saw then that they all went on till they came to the foot of the hill of difficulty where there was a spring
	layer_2: i saw  den that the oll wun t omn to they im te fhoot ef the hearl of difcuoty wey er they was asprem
	layer_4: i sa dene that the yowint an to they cim to  fhoot at the hear of difcoty weere they was a spren
	layer_6: i sal den that the yar wenton i they came to the foot of the her of difficoty wher theye was a sprame
	layer_8: i sow then that they yal went on il they came to th foot of the heel of difficulty where there was a sprem
	layer_10: i sow then that they all went on till they came to the foot of the heel of difficulty where there was a spring
	layer_12: i sow then that they all went on till they came to the foot of the heel of difficulty where there was a spring

file: 7697-105815-0021.flac
expected: now when christian got as far as the spring of life he drank of it and then went up the hill
	layer_2: now wenquistian gohd ass pies a sprin af flv he drengoid and then wont of t he
	layer_4: now whin quistian got as par as a sprin of live he drengk of it and then went up he
	layer_6: now when quristian got as far as ha spriin of live he drenk of it and then went upthe hul
	layer_8: now when christian got as far as the sprin of live he drank of it and then went up h heel
	layer_10: now when christian got as far as the spring of life he drank of it and then went up the heel
	layer_12: now when christian got as far as the spring of life he drank of it and then went up the heel

file: 7697-105815-0022.flac
expected: now half way up was a cave made by the lord of that hill that those who came by might rest there
	layer_2: now half we ut was aoccae bmae by dennod of that h that those wol came by myt resther
	layer_4: now half we are was a cave made by the nord of that huw that those who came by myt restver
	layer_6: now half we ut was a cave made by the lord of that huee that those who came by might rasver
	layer_8: now half wyot was a cave made by the lord of that hue that those who came by might rest vhere
	layer_10: now half way ut was a cave made by the lord of that hue that those who came by might rest ther
	layer_12: now half way ut was a cave made by the lord of that hue that those who came by might rest ther

file: 7697-105815-0023.flac
expected: timorous said that zion was the hill they meant to climb but that when they had got half way they found that they met with more and more risk so that great fear came on them and all they could do was to turn back
	layer_2: timer sad that in was ha he themen o cl but that when ley had got halfwoy they found that they met with more and mordis sol dat ueat feari com ondten and aol the could do was to tr m bak
	layer_4: timmers sad tha zn was pe he they men to clom but that whin leay had got halffvwy they fond that they met with more and morvusk soldetrit fear cimonden and oll they could do was to tr him batk
	layer_6: timorers sad that dine was te hu they men to clonb but that when lhey had got half way they found that they met with more and mor risk sel degrate fear kimonden and all they could do was to trim bat
	layer_8: timerers sad that dine was fe hu they men to clim but that whenley had got half way they found that they met with more and more risk syldet great fear kemonden and all they could do was to trim bat
	layer_10: timmerers sad that zing was the heg the mean to clam but that whentey had got half way they found that they met with more and more risk syle dat great fear kemon dhen and all they could do was to trim back
	layer_12: timmerers sad that zine was the hegh the mean to clim but that whenthey had got half way they found that they met with more and more risk sylv dat great fear kemon den and all they could do was to trim back

file: 7697-105815-0024.flac
expected: yes said mistrust for just in front of us there lay two beasts of prey in our path we knew not if they slept or not but we thought that they would fall on us and tear our limbs
	layer_2: yes said h mistrirst for jhust in fromt hervos bere la two beasts of prayn owr path wou now narte thase nupt ore noud but we though that theywold faller acs and torou ligs
	layer_4: yes saidthe mischurst for achust in fromt he vus beyrlay two beatsts of prayn our palth we kew nati theyses nuptdrwnod but we thoughthat they would fallewars enterou lems
	layer_6: yes said the mischurst for a chest in frontevers ber lay two beasts of pray our path we knew not if they snep ronad but we thought that they would fallewr nes antyr our lams
	layer_8: yes said the mischurst for a chest in front a verse ber lay two beasts of prayn our path we knew not if they snapped ronard but we thought that they would follow thes andter our leambs
	layer_10: yes said the misthurst for a chest in front averse bear lay two beasts of prey in our path we knew not if they snapped ronard but we thought that they would follow thes and tear our leambs
	layer_12: yes said the misthust for a chest in front avers bear lay two beasts of prey in our path we knew not if they snappet rhonard but we thought that they would follow thes and tear our leams

file: 7697-105815-0025.flac
expected: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the men and then he felt in his cloak for his scroll that he might read it and find some peace
	layer_2: yed he thought wonce more tha what he had hared fon the man and then he fouting hiscok for hi sgrow that he mut readed and ponicome pis
	layer_4: yet he thought once more itf what he had heard from the man and then he fouting his tot for his sgrow that he might readed in fini some pese
	layer_6: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his scoat for his grow that he might read it an fin a some peace
	layer_8: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his coat for his crow that he might read it and find some pease
	layer_10: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his coat for his crow that he might read it and find some peace
	layer_12: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his coat for his crow that he might read it and find some peace

file: 7697-105815-0026.flac
expected: he felt for it but found it not
	layer_2: he sel forea bu sound id not
	layer_4: hesell for id but sound at knot
	layer_6: he sell for eet but soundit not
	layer_8: he selt for it but soundid not
	layer_10: he seilt for it but sounded not
	layer_12: he sailt for it but sounded not

file: 7697-105815-0027.flac
expected: so he fell down on his knees to pray that god would give him grace for this act and then went back to look for his scroll
	layer_2: so he fou don on his knees to praid that god wiuld gae en gracsful bhis aet and then when bat to looke for h scrod
	layer_4: so he fell don on his knees to prayve that god would gave in graceful bisact and then when bat to look for hescroad
	layer_6: so he fell dawn on his knees to prave that god would give him graceful disat and then when bat to luok for his crod
	layer_8: so he fell down on his knees to prave that god would give him graceful bisat and then wen bat too look for his crobe
	layer_10: so he fell down on his knees to prayve that god would give him graceful vishact and then went bat to look for his crow
	layer_12: so he fell down on his knees to praye that god would give him graceful vishact and then went bat to look for his scrow

file: 7697-105815-0028.flac
expected: oh fool that i am said he to sleep in the day time so to give way to the flesh as to use for ease that rest which the lord of the hill had made but for the help of the soul
	layer_2: ho fo that air n sadin to slip ing the day time so ti ga fi of the flashes to usefor heas that reast which lord of fo h hat made but for hel it te son
	layer_4: ho fo that o an saidhing to sliping the day time so to gae foint to the flesh as to use pore yes that reast which lord o fa he had made but ford help it the son
	layer_6: ho for that i an said him do sleiping the day time so to gave voit to the flesh as two usepfor yeese that rest which lord a fa hue hav made but ford help ith the son
	layer_8: ho for that i am said him to sleeping the day time so to give vi to the flesh as to use for yeas that rest which lord a fhuhe hath made but ford healph it the son
	layer_10: ho foor that i am said hem to sleeping the day time so to give woi to the flesh as to use for yeas that rest which lord offhugh hath made but ford help wit the song
	layer_12: ho foor that i am said hem to sleeping the day time so to give wit to the flesh as to use for yeas that rest which lord offhiugh hath made but ford healp wat the song

file: 7697-105815-0029.flac
expected: such was the lot of the jews for their sin they were sent back by the way of the red sea and i am made to tread those steps with grief which i might have trod with joy had it not been for this sleep
	layer_2: souch was te loved atd the jus for theirseing they were sent bhat id way th brat see and i i made tre theoe staps with greeve which ing myn hade trong with jy had di not bee for thisleeav
	layer_4: such was eloed ad the jews for their seen they were sent back bied way of the grat sea and i am made trad those staps with greve which ym man hade trug with joy had id knot ben for this leev
	layer_6: such was te loved that the jews for their scene they were sent backbyd way of the ra sea and i amd made trea those steps with grieve which i min have trunk with joy hadet not been for this leave
	layer_8: such was the lot ot the jews for there scene they were sent back by the way of the grasee and i am made tred those steps with grieve which i mighnt have truk with joy had it not been for this leave
	layer_10: such was the lod of the jews for ther scen they were sent back by the way of the gratsee and i am made tread those steps with grieve which i might have drunk with joy had it not been for this leave
	layer_12: such was the lod of the jews for their scene they were sent back by the way of the gratsei and i am made tread those steps with grieve which i might have drunk with joy had it not been for this leave

file: 7697-105815-0030.flac
expected: how far might i have been on my way by this time
	layer_2: ho faormen i half beeing o my wep by this time
	layer_4: how farmend i half tabeing on my wee by this time
	layer_6: how farm an i half te beeng on my weay by this time
	layer_8: how far and i havthe being on my way by this time
	layer_10: how far and i have to being on my way by this time
	layer_12: how farm and i have to being on my way by this time

file: 7697-105815-0031.flac
expected: now by this time he had come to the vale once more where for a spell he sat down and wept but at last as he cast a sad glance at the foot of the bench he saw his scroll which he caught up with haste and put in his cloak
	layer_2: now y vthistome he had come to the veo wonce more wher ereforstbell he said din et boot at last as he case set lancat food of the bench bhe saw hisor which he calhd et with hased and putting his cloagk
	layer_4: now by this time he had come to the val ence more whe erefore sbell he said ding qwamt but at last as he casta stet glanseat food of the bench he saw hisrl which he caught t with hastd and pudding his clog
	layer_6: now by this time he had come to the veil once more whereyerfor esbell he said dain gwamt but at last as he cas a set glans at a food of the bench he saw hi sqrowl which he caught it with haste and putting his clug
	layer_8: now by this time he had come to the val once more where r forespell he sait dow an gwappt but at last as he castaset glance at e foot of the bench he saw hi scroll which he caught it with haste and putting his cluag
	layer_10: now by this time he had come to the vale once more whereher fore spell he sat down and quapt but at last as he cast a set glance at he foot of the bench he saw his scroll which he caught t with haste and putting his clug
	layer_12: now by this time he had come to the vale once more wherer fore spell he sat down and wwapt but at last as he cast a set glance at he foot of the bench he saw his scroll which he caught it with haste and putting his clug

file: 7697-105815-0032.flac
expected: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his scroll
	layer_2: bwers are to we to l ha joyif christion when he had got bat hi s wro
	layer_4: wors are to weeak to tell the joy of christian when he had got bat his row
	layer_6: worse are to weak to tell ta joy of christian when he had got bat his rol
	layer_8: wors are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his roe
	layer_10: wors are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his roe
	layer_12: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his roe

file: 7697-105815-0033.flac
expected: he laid it up in the breast of his coat and gave thanks to god
	layer_2: he ladea in the brossheterd his cod and gi thengks togad
	layer_4: he ladedar in the brostlod his coad and gi thanks to gard
	layer_6: he lad id ough in the brust of his cod and gev thanks to gard
	layer_8: he laid it of in the brusht of his code and gave thanks to god
	layer_10: he laid it off in the brust of his code and gave thanks to god
	layer_12: he laid it off in the brust of his code and gave thanks to god

file: 7697-105815-0034.flac
expected: with what a light step did he now climb the hill
	layer_2: with what a lostact tad he now clan the hu
	layer_4: woitd what a lagstap tad he now clamter hu
	layer_6: would what a liese tat did he now clampderhue
	layer_8: with what a liestat did he now clam the hu
	layer_10: with what a listat did he now clambther hue
	layer_12: with what a liestact did he now clambther hue

file: 7697-105815-0035.flac
expected: ah thought he these beasts range in the night for their prey and if they should meet with me in the dark how should i fly from them
	layer_2: hah thogh he these beth srenting the niht folr their pry and ifthey should met with men e dar holfted ie flihve fon thn
	layer_4: hah thoght hen these bethsprenging thet night for their pry and if they should meat with mend dard hawshered i flih from themn
	layer_6: hah thoughthen these beats renting the night for their prey and if they should meet with me nd the dare hawlshred i fly from them
	layer_8: ha thought he these beats renting the night for their prey and if they should meet with me and h dare haw should i fly from them
	layer_10: ha thought he these beats renting the night for their prey and if they should meet with me and dark how should i fly from them
	layer_12: ha thought he these beasts renting the night for their prey and if they should meet with me and dark how should i fly from them

file: 7697-105815-0036.flac
expected: the name of the man who kept the lodge of that house was watchful and when he saw that christian made a halt as if he would go back he came out to him and said is thy strength so small
	layer_2: the namemofh men who kept the lage of that hous was wotfolr and when he so hacphristion made head as if he wuld goo back hecam outo hime hinset is bi e trin silcemar
	layer_4: the name ofthe men who kept the large of their house was whatfor and when he sawt air christian made a heard as if he would go back bhe came out to ham and sat is bystreang soce mare
	layer_6: the name of the men who kept the large of their hous was what for and when he saw their christian made a hard as if he would go back be came out to ham and set is bys streng sile more
	layer_8: the name of the men who kept the lodger of their hous was wat fol and when he saw their christian made hard as if he would go back e came out to haim and sat is by strengh soce more
	layer_10: the name of the men who kept the lodger of their house was what for and when he saw their christian made hard as if he would go back he came out to him and sat is boys strength sos morl
	layer_12: the name of the men who kept the lodger of their house was what for and when he saw their christian made hard as if he would go back he came out o him and sat is boys strength sos more

file: 7697-105815-0037.flac
expected: fear not the two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are put here to try the faith of those that have it and to find out those that have none
	layer_2: fer nowds he tdo wild beast for they aere bon by chaings in or qot heardo tryt fa thof those betkhapiet and to fpyndnou those bet hath non
	layer_4: fer nord te dwon wild beast for they aere bound by changs in ore put hiridto tryet o fait of those bet habit and to find ou those bet heath knong
	layer_6: fear noed the doo wild beasts for they are abound by chans an our put her to try the faith of those bet habit and to find out those bet heath knong
	layer_8: fear a gnaud the too wild beasts for they are abound by chains and ar put here to try tha faithe of those bet habit and to find out those tat hath gnong
	layer_10: fear gnauwed the two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are put here to try the faith of those bat habit and to find out those that hath nang
	layer_12: fear gnawed the two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are put here to try the faith of those bat habit and to find out those that hath nong

file: 7697-105815-0038.flac
expected: keep in the midst of the path and no harm shall come to thee
	layer_2: keepe ein the misteovf the path and no hom shicomtovthe
	layer_4: keep in the mist of the path and no harms shar coum to ve
	layer_6: keep in the mistr of the path and no harm share come tivi
	layer_8: keep in the midst of the path and no harm shall come de vee
	layer_10: keep in the midst of the path and no harm shall come to ve
	layer_12: keep in the midst of the path and no harm shall come to ve

file: 7697-105815-0039.flac
expected: then i saw in my dream that still he went on in great dread of the wild beasts he heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy till he came and stood in front of the lodge where watchful dwelt
	layer_2: the ni sawig my tre that s te he ent oning ray dread atf the wide beas  hear them gra it they did tohe no harm but when he had gon by them he went on with joy to he came and stioing frond of the lodt whe ar watch ful god
	layer_4: the i sawling my drea that' sdeal he bent on ingray drad of the wide beast he heard them ro et they did to hem no harm but when he had gone by themn he went on with joy do hed came and stilling front of the lodge whe are watchful god
	layer_6: the kni saw i my dream that stil he went on i grey dread of the wide beastes i hear them roar yet they did heem no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy do he came and still ing front of the lordge whe her watchful god
	layer_8: the knigct saw in my dream that stal he went on in grey dread of the wide beasts  heard them rar yet they did heem no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy tdo he came and still in front of the lodge where a watchful gude
	layer_10: the knight saw in my dream that steel he went on in grey dread of the wild beasts i heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy till he came and stool in front of the lodge were a watchful gude
	layer_12: the knight saw in my dream that steel he went on in grey dread of the wild beasts i heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy till he came and stool in front of the lodge where a watchful gude

file: 7697-105815-0040.flac
expected: christian sir what house is this may i rest here to night
	layer_2: proston seo whoat hastithis mhy n res here to nit
	layer_4: prisian sir what hols icthis mha res here deniget
	layer_6: crisian sir what hous it is me resh here tenied
	layer_8: christian sir what hous it is me aresh here denied
	layer_10: christian sir what house ip is man aresh here denied
	layer_12: christian sir what house ip is man aresh here denied

file: 7697-105815-0041.flac
expected: when watchful told her why christian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_2: wen watch fo told her wykeuishtan had tome ther she sad what e shor naine
	layer_4: when watchfol told her why quistion had tome there she said what is shur name
	layer_6: when watchful told her why quistian had come there she said what is sure name
	layer_8: when watchful told her why quistian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_10: when watchful told her why questian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_12: when watchful told her why questian had come there she said what is your name

file: 7697-105815-0042.flac
expected: then christian bent down his head and went with them to the house
	layer_2: then cristir be dolsehet and when with em to house
	layer_4: then christian ben dais head and when with them tote house
	layer_6: then christian bendal his had and wen with them to ide house
	layer_8: then christian bendon his head and went with them to  howse
	layer_10: then christian bent own his head and went with them to housed
	layer_12: then christian bent own his head and went with them to hou'sd

file: 7697-105815-0043.flac
expected: piety come good christian since our love prompts us to take you in to rest let us talk with you of all that you have seen on your way
	layer_2: hity calm good cristn seemncs tar loe promces to take hulin to rest thates talke with you a fore that shoud have sceng onl your way
	layer_4: hity calme good christian seens t ar lod crompses to take heling to rest lat is talk with you afor that should have seen on your way
	layer_6: heigty calm good christian seemns t our lod crompsus to take heeling to rest lat us talk with you afform that should have seen on your way
	layer_8: haighty calm good christian sees t our lod cromps us to take healing to rest let us talk with you afford that should have seen on your way
	layer_10: haighty calm good christian seems to our lod crompts us to take healing to rest let us talk with you a ford that should have seen on your way
	layer_12: haighty calm good christian seems to our lod crompts us to take healing to rest let us talk with you a ford that should have seen on your way

file: 7697-105815-0044.flac
expected: christian with a right good will and i am glad that you should ask it of me
	layer_2: chuson with a ride goo woe and i im blad that hyoer should askket of mee
	layer_4: quision with a ride good bou and i em glad that sye should asket of ben
	layer_6: cishian with a ridt good broue and i am glad that you should ask it of bee
	layer_8: cristion with a ride good wue and i am glad that you should ask it of me
	layer_10: qrestian with a ride good bue and i am glad that you should ask it of me
	layer_12: crestian with a ride good bue and i am glad that you should ask it of me

file: 7697-105815-0045.flac
expected: prudence and first say what is it that makes you wish so much to go to mount zion
	layer_2: trudains andd first say wat es ie that mae sioald wish til much to god montiome
	layer_4: prudens and first say what is if that mak sul wishtil much god mon d ione
	layer_6: prudence and first say what is it that maye should wish till much godo monk't ion
	layer_8: prudence and first say what is it that makes shou wish till much t godto monkhd iron
	layer_10: prudence and first say what is it that makes ye wish till much to go to monk'tiron
	layer_12: prudence and first say what is it that makes yo wish till much to go to montdiron

file: 7697-105815-0046.flac
expected: there they say is no death and there i shall dwell with such as love the lord
	layer_2: ther they say is no death and the re i shae doel with such ast not the lorg
	layer_4: there they say is no death and there i shall doa with such as not de largd
	layer_6: there they say is no death and there i shall d with such as no de lord
	layer_8: there they say is no death and there i shall do with such as lot de lord
	layer_10: there they say is no death and there i shall do with such as noghd de lord
	layer_12: there they say is no death and there i shall go with such as noghd de lord

file: 7697-105815-0047.flac
expected: charity have you a wife and babes christian yes i have
	layer_2: charti have our wie en bavse ciso heis a havlve
	layer_4: chardy have you r whie and bave crisu ye is i halv
	layer_6: chardy have you ar wife and bas chreisumen yes i half
	layer_8: charody have you a wife and baes christume yes i have
	layer_10: charidy have you a wife and baes chrisumy yes i have
	layer_12: charidy have you a wife and babes chrisum yes i have

file: 7697-105815-0048.flac
expected: charity and why did you not bring them with you
	layer_2: chariting the inid ou not ren them with you
	layer_4: charityg le wydid you not brad them with you
	layer_6: chariti lo widid you not bring them with you
	layer_8: charoty lu why did you not bring them with you
	layer_10: charioty lue why did you not bring them with you
	layer_12: charioty lute why did you not bring them with you

file: 7697-105815-0049.flac
expected: but they would not come with me nor have me leave them
	layer_2: but thay woild now com with me nor haf med leisdon
	layer_4: but they would now come with me nor havt me he leiashem
	layer_6: but they would now come with me nor havt me lisin
	layer_8: but they would now come with me nor have melison
	layer_10: but they would now come with me nor have me lisen
	layer_12: but they would now come with me nor have me lison

file: 7697-105815-0050.flac
expected: thus did christian talk with these friends till it grew dark and then he took his rest in a large room the name of which was peace there he slept till break of day and then he sang a hymn
	layer_2: thus dit pustion tock with this prands tulit room dokg and then he too his rest ing blarge roon the namg o which wast pece there heslapet to break p day and then he san hin
	layer_4: thus dit uistian talk with his friend studit room dark and then he took his creset in to large roon dhe name of which was peace there he slapped toul break ob day and then he san a hen
	layer_6: thus did quistion talk with his friends tudit room dark and then he took his rest in a large room the name of which was peace there he slapped to youwad break a day and then he sant a heen
	layer_8: thus did question talk with his friends tu dit groom dark and then he took his reast into a large room the name of which was peace there he slapped to you wou break o day and then he sant aheen
	layer_10: thus did question talk with his friends tulit grw dark and then he took his reast into a large room the name of which was peace there he slapped to you would break of day and then he sanahen
	layer_12: thus did question talk with his friends tu lit grow dark and then he took his reast into a large room the name of which was peace there he slapped to you would break of day and then he sanahen

file: 7697-105815-0051.flac
expected: and they brought out the jaw bone of an ass with which samson did such great feats and the sling and stone with which david slew goliath of gath
	layer_2: and they brought out a jon bon of in as with which senson di such brey fese and the slaing and stoong with which dabaf stoluw gody oth of tath
	layer_4: and they brught out a jon bone of an ask with which sensind o such reay feese and the slain and stong with which tivaft sle gady oth of dath
	layer_6: and they brought out a jon bone of and as with which sensind i such greay fees and the slin and stone with which div of slew galioth of dath
	layer_8: and they brought out a joan bone of an ask with which sensoned di such greay fees and the slin and stone with which divah slew galioth of tafh
	layer_10: and they brought out a jand bone of an as with which sensuned id such greay fees and the sling and stone with which diver slew galioth of tath
	layer_12: and they brought out a jond bone of an as with which sensuned id such greay fees and the sling and stone with which diver slew galioth of taf

file: 7697-105815-0052.flac
expected: what is the name of this land said christian
	layer_2: wats thed namge of this lan sut criscton
	layer_4: whatis te name of this lend set gricthan
	layer_6: wat is the name of this land said grischian
	layer_8: what is the name of this land said grischian
	layer_10: what is the name of this land said grichen
	layer_12: what is the name of this land said grichen

file: 7697-105815-0053.flac
expected: then they told him it was immanuel's land
	layer_2: then the toldhime it was im manous lend
	layer_4: then the told him it was immanous land
	layer_6: then they told him it was immaius land
	layer_8: then they told him it was immanious land
	layer_10: then they told him it was immanius land
	layer_12: then they told him it was imanious land

file: 1255-138279-0000.flac
expected: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_2: it was a n ight when sorro ma come teo the bragtest without casing any great senseof incongraty when withimpressible persons love becomes silistusness hope sings to mis giving and faith to hope when thexaecis af memory does not stur feedings of regret ad opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and and tisipation does not prompt to en erprise
	layer_4: it was a night when sorrow may come to the britest without causing any great sens of incongruity when with impressable persons love becomes silcistosness hope sins to miss giving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and and ticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_6: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solcostousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret ad opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_8: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicostousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_10: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_12: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solcitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise

file: 1255-138279-0001.flac
expected: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their media of manifestation are less trite and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_2: still to a clos observer they are justas perceptaible the differencis that their meediar of manif estation ae less trit and familiar than such well kthon ons as thee bursting of the bods arl the forl of the lieaf
	layer_4: still to ad close observer they are just as perceptible the differencees that their media of manifestation are less trit and familiar than such well nome ones as the bursting of the bods or the fall of the lieaf
	layer_6: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their mediar of manifestation are less triht and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_8: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medior of manifestation are less trit and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_10: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medior of manifestation are less trait and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_12: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medeor of manifestation are less trait and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf

file: 1255-138279-0002.flac
expected: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if any thing could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_2: hev enythin could be dark of than the sky it was the wall and eve anyfthink could be gluemiar than the wall it was the rivrbneth
	layer_4: if enything coud be darkef than the sky it was the wall and ive anything coud be glumiur than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_6: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_8: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_10: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_12: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath

file: 1255-138279-0003.flac
expected: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere
	layer_2: an indisgribable succession of doul blows peplexing in their riegularity sent their sound with difficulty hrough the flufthy apposphia
	layer_4: and indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffhy apposphre
	layer_6: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy aposphere
	layer_8: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy apmosphere
	layer_10: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere
	layer_12: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere

file: 1255-138279-0004.flac
expected: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_2: not lafter a formant moved by the brink of the river
	layer_4: not la after ar form a moved by the brink of the river
	layer_6: not lowg after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_8: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_10: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_12: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river

file: 1255-138279-0005.flac
expected: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_2: this was all that was positie ly discoverable theug it seemed  human
	layer_4: this was all that was positively discoverable theyre it seemed human
	layer_6: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_8: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_10: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_12: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human

file: 1255-138279-0006.flac
expected: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_2: the shape wente slowly along but without much exersion for the snow theogh sudden bas not as yet more than to inches deep
	layer_4: the shape went slowly along but without much exersion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_6: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_8: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_10: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_12: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep

file: 1255-138279-0007.flac
expected: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_2: at this time some words wars speken aloud one
	layer_4: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_6: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_8: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_10: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_12: at this time some words were spoken aloud one

file: 1255-138279-0008.flac
expected: two three
	layer_2: two three
	layer_4: two three
	layer_6: two three
	layer_8: two three
	layer_10: two three
	layer_12: two three

file: 1255-138279-0009.flac
expected: four five
	layer_2: four five
	layer_4: four five
	layer_6: four five
	layer_8: four five
	layer_10: four five
	layer_12: four five

file: 1255-138279-0010.flac
expected: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_2: buetween each uterance the little shape atdvantced about half edus ne ars
	layer_4: between each utterance the little shape advanceed about half redozen yards
	layer_6: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_8: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_10: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_12: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards

file: 1255-138279-0011.flac
expected: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_2: he erether sbot stopped and dwindled smaorler
	layer_4: he aether spot stopped and windled smaller
	layer_6: he other spot stopped and windled smaller
	layer_8: the other spot stopped and windled smaller
	layer_10: the other spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_12: the other spot stopped and dwindled smaller

file: 1255-138279-0012.flac
expected: then a morsel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_2: then a mosl of snow flew across the rever to wads the fifth window
	layer_4: then a morsel of snow flew across the rever towards the fifth window
	layer_6: then a morcel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_8: then a mossel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_10: then a mossel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_12: then a mossel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window

file: 1255-138279-0013.flac
expected: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpool
	layer_2: the river would have been seen by day to be ef that a deep smooth sougt which races middleandsides with the samed dlighding precision an y i regularatis of speed beng immeit corrected bysmale warlple
	layer_4: the river would hae been seen by day to be of that a deep smooth sort which races middleand sides with the samed dliding precision anhe irrigularities of speed being a meditl corected by small worlple
	layer_6: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same dliding precision any irregularities of speed being a mediately corrected by a small wirpole
	layer_8: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same eliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpool
	layer_10: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpool
	layer_12: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpool

file: 1255-138279-0014.flac
expected: the window was struck again in the same manner
	layer_2: thehwindno wer struck a gae in the same maner
	layer_4: the window er struck a gaime ind the same manner
	layer_6: the window wer struck a gam in the same manner
	layer_8: the window was struck a game in the same manner
	layer_10: the window was struck a game in the same manner
	layer_12: the window was struck a game in the same manner

file: 1255-138279-0015.flac
expected: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_2: then anoise was heard a paeicla produced by the openy of the window
	layer_4: then anoyse was heard a paractly produced by the openiy of the window
	layer_6: then a noise was heard apparetly produced by the opening of the window
	layer_8: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_10: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_12: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window

file: 1255-138279-0016.flac
expected: said the blurred spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_2: said the blourd spot in the snow remilusly
	layer_4: said the bloird spot in the snow remulousley
	layer_6: said the bloord spot on the snow tremilously
	layer_8: said the blord spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_10: said the bloorred spot on the snow tremulously
	layer_12: said the bloorred spot on the snow tremulously

file: 1255-138279-0017.flac
expected: i asked which was your window forgive me
	layer_2: i aske weich was your window forgive me
	layer_4: i asked with was your window forgive me
	layer_6: i asked bectwas your window forgive me
	layer_8: i ased bt was your window forgive me
	layer_10: i asked bit twas your window forgive me
	layer_12: i asked bittwas your window forgive me

file: 1255-138279-0018.flac
expected: well i said that you might
	layer_2: whane i said thet yu miht
	layer_4: when i said that you might
	layer_6: when i said that you might
	layer_8: when i said that you might
	layer_10: when i said that you might
	layer_12: when i said that you might

file: 1255-138279-0019.flac
expected: o must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_2: o must i it is whent shall e be married frank
	layer_4: ho must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_6: o must i it is when shall be be married frank
	layer_8: how mast i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_10: how mast i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_12: how mast i it is when shall we be married frank

file: 1255-138279-0020.flac
expected: i have money
	layer_2: i have  money
	layer_4: i have money
	layer_6: i have money
	layer_8: i have money
	layer_10: i have money
	layer_12: i have money

file: 1255-138279-0021.flac
expected: and we live in two parishes do we what then
	layer_2: an be liyv in two parshes doy what then
	layer_4: and be livein two parashes doe what then
	layer_6: and we live in two parishes doe what then
	layer_8: and we live in two parishes do e what then
	layer_10: and we live in two parishes do we what then
	layer_12: and we live in two parishes do we what then

file: 1255-138279-0022.flac
expected: if i said so of course i will
	layer_2: if i sit solf caoe i will
	layer_4: if i sit solf cause i will
	layer_6: if i sit solf course i will
	layer_8: if i sid so course i will
	layer_10: if i said so course i will
	layer_12: if i said so course i will

file: 1255-138279-0023.flac
expected: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_2: the fect is ei forgot to ask
	layer_4: the fect is ey forgot to ask
	layer_6: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_8: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_10: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_12: the fact is i forgot to ask

file: 1255-138279-0024.flac
expected: good night frank good night
	layer_2: could ni 't frik god night
	layer_4: god nioe frek good might
	layer_6: god nihe frek good night
	layer_8: good night frek good night
	layer_10: good night frek good night
	layer_12: good night frek good night

file: 1255-90407-0000.flac
expected: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_2: he hapsnothing serious ad hapend to dreake her out ad such an antorward time
	layer_4: he hpes nothing serious had happenet to dreag her out ad such an unterward time
	layer_6: he hoped nothing serious had happened to dreag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_8: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_10: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_12: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time

file: 1255-90407-0001.flac
expected: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never
	layer_2: but as the rayin gave not the leastd sidne of sersation he abserved i think we shal have to go back never
	layer_4: but as the rein gave not the lheast sign of sessation he observed i think we shallhave to go back never
	layer_6: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never
	layer_8: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never
	layer_10: but as the rain gave not the least sign of censation he observed i think we shall have to go back never
	layer_12: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never

file: 1255-90407-0002.flac
expected: why not he inquired
	layer_2: whynot hencared
	layer_4: bohy not hincard
	layer_6: hy not hincard
	layer_8: why not hinquared
	layer_10: why not hinquared
	layer_12: why not hinquared

file: 1255-90407-0003.flac
expected: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_2: i cannot understand how you should no me whale i have no onl dget of iou
	layer_4: i cannot understand how you should kno me while i have know knowledge of you
	layer_6: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have kno knowledge of you
	layer_8: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have kno knowledge of you
	layer_10: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_12: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you

file: 1255-90407-0004.flac
expected: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_2: oh but you know me about me ate least
	layer_4: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_6: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_8: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_10: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_12: oh but you know me about me at least

file: 1255-90407-0005.flac
expected: i should think so
	layer_2: y euld think so
	layer_4: i e hould thing so
	layer_6: i should think so
	layer_8: i should think so
	layer_10: i should think so
	layer_12: i should think so

file: 1255-90407-0006.flac
expected: he's my father indeed
	layer_2: he s my father indeed
	layer_4: he is my father indeed
	layer_6: he is my father indeed
	layer_8: he is my father indeed
	layer_10: he is my father indeed
	layer_12: he is my father indeed

file: 1255-90407-0007.flac
expected: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_2: but we hve been tennants of sylvanioar castl on the ilend here thes sason
	layer_4: but we hve been tenants of sylvaniar castle on the island here thes season
	layer_6: but we have been tenancte of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_8: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_10: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_12: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season

file: 1255-90407-0008.flac
expected: my father's is a comparatively humble residence hard by
	layer_2: my father ises i comparculyf thy humble risidancehard by
	layer_4: my father's is a ta comparacll ive they humble risidantse hard by
	layer_6: my fathers is as a comparacal ofthey humble residents hard by
	layer_8: my father's is as a comparicl ofetly humble residence hard by
	layer_10: my fathers is as comparicalively humble residence hard by
	layer_12: my father's is as a compariclively humble residence hard by

file: 1255-90407-0009.flac
expected: but he could afford a much bigger one if he chose
	layer_2: but he cgould ta fought a much bic r ine if he hos
	layer_4: but he gold a fought a much pick ar one if he chose
	layer_6: but he could afourt a much piker ine if he chose
	layer_8: but he could af ford a much bicger ine if he chose
	layer_10: but he could aford a much bicker one if he chose
	layer_12: but he could afford a much bicker one if he chose

file: 1255-90407-0010.flac
expected: you have heard so
	layer_2: you patsi
	layer_4: you've pat sir
	layer_6: youhve part sard
	layer_8: youhav part sa
	layer_10: you art sa
	layer_12: you art sa

file: 1255-90407-0011.flac
expected: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_2: i do' now he desn'tell m much of his affhairs
	layer_4: i don't kno he doesnt tell me much of his affairs
	layer_6: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_8: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_10: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_12: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs

file: 1255-90407-0012.flac
expected: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance
	layer_2: my father she burset out sudnle is always scolding me for y etravagaance
	layer_4: my father she burset out suddenly is always coding me for my extravagance
	layer_6: my father she burst out suddenly is alwaysscolding me for my extravagance
	layer_8: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance
	layer_10: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance
	layer_12: my father she burst out suddenly is always colding me for my extravagance

file: 1255-90407-0013.flac
expected: was that this evening
	layer_2: was that thesivening
	layer_4: was that tise evening
	layer_6: was that this evening
	layer_8: was that this evening
	layer_10: was that this evening
	layer_12: was that this evening

file: 1255-90407-0014.flac
expected: and there on the nets they sat
	layer_2: there on the nets they sat
	layer_4: ntheire on the nets they sat
	layer_6: and there on the nets they sat
	layer_8: nd there on the nets they sat
	layer_10: there on the nets they sat
	layer_12: there on the nets they sat

file: 1255-90407-0015.flac
expected: jocelyn thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montagues to this daughter of the capulets
	layer_2: justl in horted strange that he shold be thrond by fat into position to play the sun of the mont arguse to this daughter of the capidats
	layer_4: just linhort it strange at that he should be throwne by fate into a position to play the son of the ontaguese to this daughter of the capidits
	layer_6: jost len thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montaguse to this daughter of the capitats
	layer_8: joselyne thught it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montaguse to this daughter of the capinats
	layer_10: jocelyn thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montagouse to this daughter of the capindats
	layer_12: joscelyn thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montagouse to this daughter of the capinats

file: 1255-90407-0016.flac
expected: no i shall go on and get a lodging in budmouth town if ever i reach it
	layer_2: no i shall go on and get a lodging an bupb at tirene if ever i reachit
	layer_4: no i shall go on and get ar lodging in bup ath torn if ever i reach it
	layer_6: no i shall go on and get a lodging in babath towne if ever i reach it
	layer_8: now i shall go on and get a lodging in babath town if ever i reach it
	layer_10: now i shall go on and get a lodging in baboth town if ever i reach it
	layer_12: now i shall go on and get a lodging in baboth town if ever i reach it

file: 1255-90407-0017.flac
expected: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_2: it is so l aytof the the wlre en o house open accep to little place tneae therstation wie you went carto stay
	layer_4: it is so late of thathat will ben no house open accept a little place near the station were you won't care to stay
	layer_6: it is so lateov tha there will be no house open axcept a little place near the station were you won't care to stay
	layer_8: it is so lat that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_10: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_12: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay

file: 1255-90407-0018.flac
expected: the island was an island still
	layer_2: the iland as an island still
	layer_4: the island was an island still
	layer_6: the island was an island still
	layer_8: the island was an island still
	layer_10: the island was an island still
	layer_12: the island was an island still

file: 1255-90407-0019.flac
expected: they had not realized the force of the elements till now
	layer_2: they had not relized the fors of the enimence till now
	layer_4: they had not realized the force of the eniments till now
	layer_6: they had not realised the force of the enements till now
	layer_8: they had not realized the force of the elements till now
	layer_10: they had not realized the force of the elements till now
	layer_12: they had not realized the force of the elements till now

file: 1255-90407-0020.flac
expected: he steadied her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_2: he stided her bodily by in sirctling her wast with his arm and she made no bjection
	layer_4: he seded her bodirly by incircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_6: he stadid her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_8: he steddied her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_10: he staded her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_12: he staded her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection

file: 1255-90407-0021.flac
expected: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination
	layer_2: he pittit er and wie he onteadatiet admard her determination
	layer_4: he pitied her and while he wantded at it admad her determination
	layer_6: he pittid her and while he wandered at it admard her determination
	layer_8: he pitid her and while he wandered at it admired her determination
	layer_10: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination
	layer_12: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination

file: 1255-90407-0022.flac
expected: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_2: theire application for amission led te to the withdrarl of a bolt and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_4: their application for amission led to the with drawrl of a boalt and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_6: their application for amission led to the withdrawl of a bolt and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_8: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_10: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gas light of the passage
	layer_12: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gas light of the passage

file: 1255-90407-0023.flac
expected: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_2: he could see now that though she was such af fine figer quiters talers himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_4: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall ers himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_6: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_8: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_10: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_12: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood

file: 1255-90407-0024.flac
expected: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up something to eat
	layer_2: i wile til the servant to do this en sind you ups on thy doeet
	layer_4: i wil till the serveant to do this and send you ups on the doeet
	layer_6: i will tell the servants to do this and send youups on the de eat
	layer_8: i will tell the servants to do this and send you upsomthye o eat
	layer_10: i will tell the servants to do this and send you up something to eat
	layer_12: i will tell the servants to do this and send you up something to eat

file: 1255-90407-0025.flac
expected: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_2: he felt revin esly hungrly himself and set about dryng his clod thas sas wellas he could and eating at the same time
	layer_4: he felt revenusly hungry himself and set about drying his cloth has es well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_6: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clotheas as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_8: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_10: he felt revenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_12: he felt revenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time

file: 1255-90407-0026.flac
expected: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contriving to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_2: by the eaid of some temporerapsend some stlippers from the cobered he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the made selvned camedownstairs wit a damp amfol of woman's rament
	layer_4: by the aid of some temporary rapsand some slippers from the cupbard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the mad servened came donstairs with a damp armful of woman's rament
	layer_6: by the aid of some temporary raps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came down stairs with a damp armful of woman's rayment
	layer_8: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_10: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_12: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment

file: 1255-90407-0027.flac
expected: you are sleepy my girl said pierston
	layer_2: you wa s lep hi my g el said pisson
	layer_4: you will slep him y go said piison
	layer_6: youwill sleep hi my garl said pierson
	layer_8: you will sleep hi my garl said pierson
	layer_10: you will sleep yn my gal said pierson
	layer_12: you will sleep y my gall said pierson

file: 1255-90407-0028.flac
expected: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the walk
	layer_2: he eagane becane consctirus of the chan whrc o be n in atiated join the bak
	layer_4: he agained became conscious of the change which ta ben initiated joing the walk
	layer_6: he agained became conscious of the changd which had een innitiated joing the walk
	layer_8: he again became conscious of the change which had een initiated during the walk
	layer_10: he again became conscious of the change which had ben initiated during the walk
	layer_12: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the walk

file: 1255-90407-0029.flac
expected: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attire
	layer_2: the well belovid was moving house had gon over to the ware of this atir
	layer_4: the well beloveed was moving house had gone over to the wara of this atir
	layer_6: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this atar
	layer_8: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attar
	layer_10: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attare
	layer_12: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attare

file: 1255-90407-0030.flac
expected: and how about little avice caro
	layer_2: and how out idtle eve his carrow
	layer_4: and howr bout little eve his carrow
	layer_6: and har bout little eve his carrow
	layer_8: and harbout little havf his carow
	layer_10: and a harboauht little ev his carow
	layer_12: and a harboaght little hev his carow

file: 1255-74899-0000.flac
expected: things arrange themselves
	layer_2: things arange themselves
	layer_4: things arranged themselves
	layer_6: things arrange themselves
	layer_8: things arrange themselves
	layer_10: things arrange themselves
	layer_12: things arrange themselves

file: 1255-74899-0001.flac
expected: but the countess never gave way an inch
	layer_2: but the coantis never gave way and inch
	layer_4: but the cantis never gave way an inch
	layer_6: but the cantiss never gave way an inch
	layer_8: but the cantis never gave way an inch
	layer_10: but the countas never gave way an inch
	layer_12: but the countas never gave way an inch

file: 1255-74899-0002.flac
expected: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_2: the following was the arnswr which she returned sof the not ricen to her by atjulia
	layer_4: the following was the answer wich he returned sod the notet ritten to her by arti julia
	layer_6: the following was the answer which she returned sod the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_8: the following was the answer which he returned tod the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_10: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_12: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia

file: 1255-74899-0003.flac
expected: i should not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_2: i shouldnot kno hauw ded drink wie with them and she do ar hundr efthings whic woa make hamthing mhe a beast
	layer_4: i should not know howdo drink wine with them and she do a hundrd o things which wuld make theme think me abeast
	layer_6: i should not know how to drink wine with them and sheu do a hundrd o things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_8: i should not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred f things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_10: i should not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_12: i should not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast

file: 1255-74899-0004.flac
expected: but the girl begged for some delay
	layer_2: but the gard bate for some te day
	layer_4: but the girld baked for some do day
	layer_6: but the girl begked for some doday
	layer_8: but the girl beked for some today
	layer_10: but the girl begked for some today
	layer_12: but the girl begked for some to day

file: 1255-74899-0005.flac
expected: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_2: it was amattof the requart to be considerd
	layer_4: it was a mat of the drequiretd to be considered
	layer_6: it was a mattof the trequire to be considered
	layer_8: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_10: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_12: it was a matter that required to be considered

file: 1255-74899-0006.flac
expected: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them
	layer_2: prid in him might bias wek as prid in then
	layer_4: pride in him might be as weak as pride in then
	layer_6: pride in him might be as weak as prigde in then
	layer_8: pride in him might be as weak as priht in then
	layer_10: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them
	layer_12: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them

file: 1255-74899-0007.flac
expected: if they would put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_2: iv he wile put out their hans to him why should heu refuse to put ho dhisown
	layer_4: eber were put out their hands to him why should he refused to put ou dhisown
	layer_6: ihere were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_8: if they were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_10: if they wer put outo their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_12: if they were put outo their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own

file: 1255-74899-0008.flac
expected: our tailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his client and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_2: art tala received him courtiously hading learned to like the man undestaning that he had behaied with honesty and wisdom in regard to his cland andrespecting him as one of the work es of the day but he de clared that fol the lovel family as a family he did not care for themparticully
	layer_4: our tailar received him curtiously haing learned to like the man understaining that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the work es of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particule
	layer_6: artailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particulrly
	layer_8: artaylor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that h had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_10: ar taylor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_12: aur taylor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly

file: 1255-74899-0009.flac
expected: they are poles asunder from me he said
	layer_2: they a pos a sand o fror me he said
	layer_4: they ar pols a sander from me he said
	layer_6: they are pos a sander from me he said
	layer_8: they a pols a sander from me he said
	layer_10: they a poul sa sander from me he said
	layer_12: they apoll sa sander from me he said

file: 1255-74899-0010.flac
expected: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_2: but by your good fortun amerritif you ill allame to say sa you have trouveof from the one pol very fartowad'she other
	layer_4: but by your good fortune a merrit if you will allar me to say so you have travel from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_6: but by your good fortune an merit if you will allow me to say say you have travel from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_8: but by your good fortune and meriat ife you will allow me to say sa you have traveld from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_10: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_12: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other

file: 1255-74899-0011.flac
expected: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_2: a preasent i thic thof the sens of the countries an favor of an aristoccrayof burth
	layer_4: e present i think thet the sense of the countries in favour of an aristocracy of burth
	layer_6: a present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of burth
	layer_8: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of berth
	layer_10: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favor of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_12: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favor of an aristocracy of birth

file: 1255-74899-0012.flac
expected: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_2: when you wer for most a monglenm tid you not wish to be their master
	layer_4: when you er for most amongthem did you not wish to be their master
	layer_6: when you were for most among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_8: when you were for most among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_10: when you were for most among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_12: when you were for most among them did you not wish to be their master

file: 1255-74899-0013.flac
expected: it is one to which all legislative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_2: it his on to wiceua lejgassitsive an all human efort should and must tend
	layer_4: it is wone to miul legicitive an orl human efforts should and must tend
	layer_6: it is one to mitc juwl legicative and all human eforts should and must tend
	layer_8: it is one to which wll legiscative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_10: it is one to which al legislative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_12: it is one to which awl legislative and all human efforts should and must tend

file: 1255-74899-0014.flac
expected: when you make much water boil mister thwaite some of it will probably boil over
	layer_2: when you made much wat of boilmis teo fhrat so that wile probamly boilover
	layer_4: when you make much water boil mister fat se thit will probably boil over
	layer_6: when you make much water boil mister fhete salttit will probably boil over
	layer_8: when you make much water boil mister fhate solh it will probably boil over
	layer_10: when you make much water boil mister fake some ofit will probably boil over
	layer_12: when you make much water boil mister fake some ofit will probably boil over

file: 1255-74899-0015.flac
expected: i quite agree with you that the silk gowns should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_2: i quite e gree with you that the silgans shul be kept for their elders and sai the convrsation was ended
	layer_4: y quite a gree with you that the silk gans shoud be kept for their ilders and sa the confersation was ended
	layer_6: ai quite agree with you that the silk gams hould be kept for their ilders and sa the conversation was ended
	layer_8: ay quite agree with you that the silk gowms should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_10: i quite agree with you that the silk gowns should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_12: i quite agree with you that the silk gowns should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended

file: 1255-74899-0016.flac
expected: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_2: with her there was a realwish that the pols mih bejoind together by haf outur husband
	layer_4: with her there was a real wish that the poles might bejoined together by haefuture husband
	layer_6: with her there was a real wish that the poles might bejoined together by her future husband
	layer_8: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_10: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_12: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband

file: 1255-74899-0017.flac
expected: if you really wish it you shall go he said
	layer_2: hif you reali wushud you sho gol he said
	layer_4: hive you realy wishi you shal go he said
	layer_6: if you really wishi you shall go he said
	layer_8: if you realy wishi you shall go he said
	layer_10: if you realy wish it you shall go he said
	layer_12: if you really wish it you shall go he said

file: 1255-74899-0018.flac
expected: and a blue one to be married in alas me
	layer_2: and a ble oane to bembaridin hus as me
	layer_4: and a blue ane to be marriden hus askd me
	layer_6: and a blue one to be marridin hu ask me
	layer_8: and a blue one to be married in u aske me
	layer_10: and a blue one to be married in hu as me
	layer_12: and a blue one to be married in hu ase me

file: 1255-74899-0019.flac
expected: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_2: must i have a pink sil goun to walk about in earli inthe morning
	layer_4: must i have a pink siltk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_6: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_8: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_10: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_12: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning

file: 1255-74899-0020.flac
expected: i'd sooner see you darning my worsted stockings sweetheart
	layer_2: i soonoas eouv downed my worst hin stocking thasweetheart
	layer_4: a soon ase dawned my worst in stolcking the sqweet heart
	layer_6: i soon ass youed darned my worst in stocking the sweetheart
	layer_8: ow soon as you darned my worst in stocking the sweetheart
	layer_10: a soon as you darned my worst in stocking the sweetheart
	layer_12: aw soon as you darned my worst in stocking the sweetheart

file: 1255-74899-0021.flac
expected: i can do that too
	layer_2: i coan ot hat too
	layer_4: i can do had too
	layer_6: i can doth hat too
	layer_8: i can doth had two
	layer_10: i can doth hat two
	layer_12: i can do th hat two

file: 1255-74899-0022.flac
expected: and now i'll sit down and write a letter to my lord
	layer_2: and ow al sit down nrita lette the my lord
	layer_4: an ni i'll sit down a rit a lette o my lord
	layer_6: and now i'll sit down and rite a letter to my lord
	layer_8: and now i'll sit down andwrite a letter to my lord
	layer_10: and now i'll sit down and write a letter to my lord
	layer_12: and now i'll sit down and write a letter to my lord

file: 1255-90413-0000.flac
expected: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_2: she drawsd close anda satisfies
	layer_4: she drawsed close and satisfies
	layer_6: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_8: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_10: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_12: she draws close and satisfies

file: 1255-90413-0001.flac
expected: he could not forget missus pine avon's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_2: he could not forget missus pin ovan's eyes ther he remembert nothing of her otherfacial detells
	layer_4: he could not forget missus pine oven's eyes theg he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_6: he could not forget missus pineavan's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_8: he could not forget missus pineaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_10: he could not forget missus pineaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other fatial details
	layer_12: he could not forget missus pineaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other fatial details

file: 1255-90413-0002.flac
expected: afterwards they kept apart awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_2: aftewards they kept u part a wlle in the droing room for form sake but hav entuulde gravitatedts together a gane and finishd the evening ianeach other's comparny
	layer_4: afterwards they kept a partar wil in the drawing room for form sake but hev entually gravitateds together again and finishd the evening in each other's company
	layer_6: afterwards they kept apart awhile in the drawingroom for form sake but haventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_8: afterwards they kept apart awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_10: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_12: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company

file: 1255-90413-0003.flac
expected: but this was not all
	layer_2: but this was not all
	layer_4: but this was not all
	layer_6: but this was not all
	layer_8: but this was not all
	layer_10: but this was not all
	layer_12: but this was not all

file: 1255-90413-0004.flac
expected: but was he able
	layer_2: but wase able
	layer_4: but was he able
	layer_6: but was he able
	layer_8: but was he able
	layer_10: but was he able
	layer_12: but was he able

file: 1255-90413-0005.flac
expected: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_2: it was unfire togove further without telning her even thugh ither two such expicitnics had not ben abcidlutly demanded
	layer_4: it was unfair to gov further without ttelling her even though ithertwo such expliciness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_6: it was unfair to gove further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_8: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_10: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_12: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded

file: 1255-90413-0006.flac
expected: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_2: he de terminee toaccolimetitely on the new incanation
	layer_4: he determined to call imedately on the new incarnation
	layer_6: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_8: he determined to call immediately on the new incination
	layer_10: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_12: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation

file: 1255-90413-0007.flac
expected: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshire square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_2: she l ive not far from the long fashonable hemptanchousquare and he went the theue witeh expectations of having a highdy amotional time atleaste
	layer_4: she live not far from the long fatshionable hemptonshu square and he went thetherh with expectations of having a highdly emotional time at least
	layer_6: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonchure square and he went thitherh with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_8: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshir square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_10: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshire square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_12: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshire square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least

file: 1255-90413-0008.flac
expected: but somehow the very bell pull seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_2: but somemhow that van y belple seeme co al thugh she had shir arns tly asked im to come
	layer_4: but somehow that very bellpul seemed col althogh she had ser ernestly asked him to come
	layer_6: but somehow the very bellpooles seemed coal although she had sir ernestly asked him to come
	layer_8: but somehow the very bellpools seemed col although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_10: but somehow the very bellpools seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_12: but somehow the very bell pools seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come

file: 1255-90413-0009.flac
expected: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in the chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_2: rasing her eyes an a slightely enquaring tan e from the book she was reading she lent backan her chair as if solking herself in luxkuordious sensations which had nothig to do with him and replieded o his greting with a few commumplace words
	layer_4: raising her eyes and a slightly inquiring manne from the book she was reading she lent back in her chair as if soking herself in luxorious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few common place words
	layer_6: raising her eyes and a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxorious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_8: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxorious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_10: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_12: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words

file: 1255-90413-0010.flac
expected: just as they turn madeira into port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_2: justes they turm te dearr into porgt in the space of a single night soi this old r as been takeen and doctreden tristed about hom braught outors ar new popila dity ind ed
	layer_4: just as they turn ba dera interport in the space of a single night so this old eir has been taken and doctored and tristed about hanm brught out as a new popular dity inded
	layer_6: just as they turn madere interport in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctord and tristed about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_8: just as they turn medeira into port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_10: just as they turn medeire into port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_12: just as they turn medeire into port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed

file: 1255-90413-0011.flac
expected: she thawed a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_2: she thought a little and then they wre on to tok about her huse which ha be neulypeinted and decorated with grenish blue satien up to the height of a personce ead an arrangement that someot improved her slightly faded thostil pretty face and as helped by the oarnings overthe windows
	layer_4: she thought a little and then they wet ont to talok about her house which have bee newly peinted and decorated with greenish blee sat in up to the height of a person's ead and arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded thogs still pretty face and mus helped by the ownings ever the windows
	layer_6: she thought a little and then they went ont to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's ead an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and as helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_8: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_10: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_12: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows

file: 1255-90413-0012.flac
expected: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_2: hees s i have had my has some yas shebserved complacently and i l iee better everyar
	layer_4: yes i have had my has some years she abserved complecantly and i like it better every year
	layer_6: yes i have had my hous some years she observed complaiceantly and i like it better every year
	layer_8: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_10: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_12: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year

file: 1255-90413-0013.flac
expected: don't you feel lonely in it sometimes o never
	layer_2: don't you feld la  in it sometimes oh never
	layer_4: don't you feeld lanin it sometimes oh never
	layer_6: don't you feel lae in it sometimes oh never
	layer_8: don't you feel lany in it sometimes oh never
	layer_10: don't you feel lany in it sometimes oh never
	layer_12: don't you feel lany in it sometimes oh never

file: 1255-90413-0014.flac
expected: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_2: what an an sivil thing to say she murmed in s arprise
	layer_4: what an anscivilthing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_6: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_8: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_10: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_12: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise

file: 1255-90413-0015.flac
expected: it is rather uncivil
	layer_2: it is rotheransivil
	layer_4: it is rather ansivil
	layer_6: it is rather uncivil
	layer_8: it is rather uncivil
	layer_10: it is rather uncivil
	layer_12: it is rather uncivil

file: 1255-90413-0016.flac
expected: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_2: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but theft intofint his wry out as he could
	layer_4: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left in to find his way out as he could
	layer_6: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left himto find his way out as he could
	layer_8: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_10: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_12: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could

file: 1255-90413-0017.flac
expected: i saw him at lady channelcliffe's the other night
	layer_2: i sawihm at lady chentlclive sy othe night
	layer_4: i saw him at lady chunalclifceye other night
	layer_6: i saw him at lady channl clifsthe other night
	layer_8: i saw him at lady channelclifs the other night
	layer_10: i saw him at lady channelcliff's the other night
	layer_12: i saw him at lady channelcliff's the other night

file: 1255-90413-0018.flac
expected: jocelyn pierston
	layer_2: jusidl inpearst on
	layer_4: jusil impercedon
	layer_6: josselin pierscton
	layer_8: joselyn perston
	layer_10: jocelyn perston
	layer_12: jocelyn perston

file: 1255-90413-0019.flac
expected: o didn't he marry her
	layer_2: o didn'ty maryher
	layer_4: oh didn't hy marry her
	layer_6: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_8: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_10: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_12: oh didn't he marry her

file: 1255-90413-0020.flac
expected: said missus pine avon with a start
	layer_2: said missus pin ovfenm with the start
	layer_4: sid missusd pin ovpn wth a start
	layer_6: said missus pinapan with a start
	layer_8: said missus pineapen with a start
	layer_10: said missus pineapen with a start
	layer_12: said missus pineapen with a start

file: 1255-90413-0021.flac
expected: but jocelyn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_2: bhet juoslemm as receeding from the prety id as house with long strits
	layer_4: but jostlem was receeding from the pretty wid a's house with long strides
	layer_6: but jostlim was receding from the pretty widows house with long strides
	layer_8: but joselym was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_10: but jocelym was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_12: but joscelym was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides

file: 1255-90413-0022.flac
expected: lady iris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was shown in there stood alone in the lamplight nichola pine avon
	layer_2: lheady aris ad left the droing rom from moment to see that al was right in the daningrom a hen he was shurniin theirsteod alone in the lamblight necall upi n avomn
	layer_4: leady aris had left o the drawing room fra oment to see that allwas right in the dining room an when he was shurnian therstod alone in the lamplight nickhol upine avhenm
	layer_6: ladyaris had left to the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was shernein there stood alone in the lamplight nickol a pine aven
	layer_8: lady aris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was shenin there stood alone in the lamplight nickol a pine even
	layer_10: lady aris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was cherneinn there stood alone in the lamplight nicholapine even
	layer_12: lady aris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was cherninn there stood alone in the lamplight nicholapine even

file: 1255-90413-0023.flac
expected: she had been the first arrival
	layer_2: she had been the fuest arival
	layer_4: she had been the first arrival
	layer_6: she had been the first arrival
	layer_8: she had been the first arrival
	layer_10: she had been the first arrival
	layer_12: she had been the first arrival

file: 1255-90413-0024.flac
expected: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_2: as he otr gueststropedt in the par retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him til all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_4: as he other gueststropped in the par retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_6: as he other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_8: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_10: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_12: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking

file: 1255-90413-0025.flac
expected: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_2: he had not ben appointed to take er across t of the dining rohm but f the table fandt her exactly opocit
	layer_4: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but if the table faund her exactly opposite
	layer_6: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_8: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_10: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_12: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite

file: 1255-90413-0026.flac
expected: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_2: the spring in the present case was the oartistic commondation she deserved and craved
	layer_4: the spring in the present case was the artistic comendation she deserved and craved
	layer_6: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_8: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_10: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_12: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved

file: 1255-90413-0027.flac
expected: the lady on jocelyn's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_2: the adhy on josenincs left wife of a lod o justhis of of appel was in like manner tolking to herc am panon on the oute side so that for the time he was left to to himself
	layer_4: the ledy on jostoen's left wife of a law to justice of of appeal was in like manner talking to herkan panion on the outerside so that for the time he was left tt to himself
	layer_6: the lady on jostenlences left wife of a lord justicef of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outerside so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_8: the lady on josselyne's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_10: the lady on joselin's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_12: the lady on jocelin's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself

file: 1255-90413-0028.flac
expected: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged jocelyn to recommend as candidate for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_2: it came from the wife f of one of his fathrs form a workman and wus cond srnning hers son whom she beedo juostlinto recommend as conded it for some postd in turn that she wished him to fill
	layer_4: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workman and wus consurning her son whom she begged justlin to recommend rs counded it for some post in ton that she wished him to fill
	layer_6: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workman and was concerning her son whom she begged jostlin to recommandrs caunded it for some post in tan that she wished him to fill
	layer_8: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged joselyne to recommand ers candidites for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_10: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged joselyn to recommend us candidates for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_12: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged jocelyn to recommend urs candidates for some post in town that she wished him to fill

file: 1585-131718-0000.flac
expected: what is necessary to the completeness of the story at this stage is not to recapitulate but to take up some of the loose ends of threads woven in and follow them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of events can be seen
	layer_2: what is nec sory to the comcleness of the sdo at thisdage is not to ry capidto laht byt to take up some of thei loose ands of thethracs weo e nein and followed than  throew un to the clear and comprehenstho picture of the vans canmby seaing
	layer_4: what is necessary to the comcpleanus of the sty at this stage is not to re capi to lahte but to take up some of the loose annds of te thrancs woe venine and followed than threwh unto the clear and comprehensthe picture of the ven's camn be sing
	layer_6: what is necesary to the complenous of the story at this stage its not to re capi to late but to take up some of the loose ends of t e thrancs wo venning and followed them through unti the clear and comprehens the picture of the vens can be seen
	layer_8: what is necessary to the compleness of the story at this stage is not to red capi to late but to take up some of the loose ends of the threast woe aning and followed them through until the clear and comprehensethe picture of thevents can be seen
	layer_10: what is necessary to the completnest of the story at this stage is not to ree cappitulate but to take up some of the loose ends of the threatst woe ranning and followed them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of the events can be seen
	layer_12: what is necessary to the completnest of the story at this stage is not to ree cappitoulate but to take up some of the loose ends of the threatst woe ranning and followed them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of the events can be seen

file: 1585-131718-0001.flac
expected: the way of the inventor is hard
	layer_2: the way o thy ventor hs hard
	layer_4: the waly ventor his hard
	layer_6: the waod inventor is hard
	layer_8: the wail leinventor is hard
	layer_10: the wail the inventor is hard
	layer_12: the wail the inventor is hard

file: 1585-131718-0002.flac
expected: he can sometimes raise capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done at a distressful cost of personal surrender
	layer_2: he can sometimes reis cabito eto help him the working oat his crud consaptions but i w then it is freqny don at iat his ress fa coshd a persomosc aander
	layer_4: hecan sometimes er is cabitoe to help him the working out his cruwd conceptions but en then it is frequne done at it is tress ficost a persomastarander
	layer_6: he can sometimes were hiscabitovd to help him then working out his crude conceptions but iv then it is frequently done at at is tresfolcoshed a personmal scurrander
	layer_8: he can sometimes were his capital to help him en working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done and it dis tressfulcocht a personal surrander
	layer_10: he can sometimes rue his capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done and ha distresfulkocht a personal surrender
	layer_12: he can sometimes rue his capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done and ha distresfu kocht a personal surrender

file: 1585-131718-0003.flac
expected: when the result is achieved the invention makes its appeal on the score of economy of material or of effort and then labor often awaits with crushing and tyrannical spirit to smash the apparatus or forbid its very use
	layer_2: when te esoutas a chievfed the evensiomakes  is he pal on the schore of ty conmy on matori ou off effored and then la er opan awaitds with crusiing in to rani cao spirit dismashed the apparanes of hor bit is veryuse
	layer_4: when the resout is achieved the eventien makes its he pail on the schoore of hecoomy o metiore oe off efford and then labore offin hawaites with crushing intorannicao spirit dismashe the apaadue of forbit is very use
	layer_6: when the resout is achieved the eventhonmakes its appal on the score of economy onf motiora o off efford and then laybor often te wats with crushing in tyrannico spirit dismashe the apaadics of herbi is vary use
	layer_8: when the resout is achieved the invention makes its appeal on the score of economy o mateoria a of effort and then labor off enwades with crushing and tyranico spirit dismashe the apaadus of forbid is very use
	layer_10: when the resount is achieved the invention makes its appeal on the score of economy o materia a of effort and then labor of enwades with crushing and tyrannico spirit dismatche the appadages of forbid its very use
	layer_12: when the resount is achieved the invention makes its appeal on the score of economy on materia a of effort and then labor of te newades with crushing and tyrannico spirit dismatched the appadages of forbid its very use

file: 1585-131718-0004.flac
expected: possibly our national optimism as revealed in invention the seeking a higher good needs some check
	layer_2: posibilly or enation oe obtosom as woele auting the vention the seking bhe higha gootd it somechack
	layer_4: possibilly oure anation a opotism as we buting the vention the seeking the higha good net some chack
	layer_6: possibilly our anationat opotism as wer boting the vention the seeking bhe high good anknit some chack
	layer_8: possibly our i nationa optism as preruting the vention the seeking the high good annit some chack
	layer_10: possibly our nationaoptism as rebuting the vention the seeking the high ar good annit some chack
	layer_12: possibly our nationaoptism as rebuting the vention the seeking the high ar good annit some chack

file: 1585-131718-0005.flac
expected: possibly the leaders would travel too fast and too far on the road to perfection if conservatism did not also play its salutary part in insisting that the procession move forward as a whole
	layer_2: phosivlly the littes woild travbred two fast and two far on thei ro of frfaection eif consi itdisen did not als of plate soludry part an nsisting that the procession of forwared asa ho
	layer_4: posibally the littus would traveed two fast and two far on the rote of frfection if consevetizen did not alse of plate solutary part an insisting that the procession move forward asa ho
	layer_6: posibly the lit us would travel too fast and too fart on the rote of urfection if consovitizen did not also playe salutary part ininsisting that the procession move forward ascaho
	layer_8: possiblly the littus would travel too fast and too fart on the rote of pefection if conselvitizen did not also played salutary part in onsisting that the procession moved forward ass a ho
	layer_10: possibly the li as would travel too fast and too far on the road of prefection if conselvitisen did not also play its salutary part in insisting that the procession moved forward as a hoe
	layer_12: possibly the lid as would travel too fast and too far on the road of prefection if consulvitisen did not also play its salutary part in insisting that the procession moved forward as a hoe

file: 1585-131718-0006.flac
expected: on the contrary the conditions for its acceptance had been ripening fast
	layer_2: on a contary the condurtions for its ofsebtions h p be rigt o the faset
	layer_4: on he contary the condertions for his afceptions ha beeng right i d fast
	layer_6: on the contary the condertions for its efceptions hav bing rightya fast
	layer_8: on the contrary the condertions for its eceptions have beieng rightl nd fast
	layer_10: on the contrary the condeions for its exceptions have been right and fast
	layer_12: on the contrary the condesions for its eceptions have been right and fast

file: 1585-131718-0007.flac
expected: yet the very vogue of the electric arc light made harder the arrival of the incandescent
	layer_2: yes the very bogo of the laturic ardlight made harrirt the uarrivle of the incondessend
	layer_4: yet the very bogo of the latric artlight made harror the arival of the incondessend
	layer_6: yet the very vogo of the elatric artlight made harroer the arrival of the incandessant
	layer_8: yet the very vogo of the elactric art light made harrdor the arrival of the incadescent
	layer_10: yet the very vogo of the electric art light made harrder the arrival of the incandescent
	layer_12: yet the very vogo of the electric art light made harder the arrival of the incandescent

file: 1585-131718-0008.flac
expected: a number of parent arc lighting companies were in existence and a great many local companies had been called into being under franchises for commercial business and to execute regular city contracts for street lighting
	layer_2: a number of pharand arclinn compins or a in enxistancs and a great many loe acomeiis hapeing cird into thing ounderffienchise for comer shl business an o exectcute ragla citi contracts for  stret lie
	layer_4: a number of parents arclining compance er  ing enxistence and a greate many locealccomenis ha been cild into thing under frienshise for comer shobusiness and to executde ragula citi contracts from t streeght lini
	layer_6: a number of parent arclining compace wher  iexistence and a great many local comnis have been ciled into thin under frienshise for comer chabusiness and to exacute ragulacitic contracts from streeght lining
	layer_8: a number of parent arc lining companits wer i existence and a great many localcomnens havd been cailed into ting under frenchise for comercia business and to execute regulasitic contracts from street lining
	layer_10: a number of parent arch lining companies were in existence and a great many local companies have been caled into vhen under frenshise for commercial business and to execute regulacitic contracts from street lining
	layer_12: a number of parent arch lining companies were in existence and a great many local companies have been called into vhene under franshise for commercial business and to execute regulacitic contracts from street lining

file: 1585-131718-0009.flac
expected: thus in a curious manner the modern art of electric lighting was in a very true sense divided against itself with intense rivalries and jealousies which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurred in a field where ultimate union of forces was inevitable
	layer_2: thas and the chearr's menner they mao not of elat tre linig wos ing oaf veryg e ho sane eiviead againsesself with intons reverlies and jealoices which were no he las rale thecase they were byt tempery and eccurdingh fout where outimae euning of the force wor s in aftible
	layer_4: thus and the curs menner they ma nard of helactrylining ersing a varage hwho sanse evied againsthis self with intines reberies and jealouses which were anon the lass real thecauset they were byt tempery and occurrding fhout where outimate uning f the force wors inapftable
	layer_6: thus and he curus mannerd the ma nard of elactary lining warsing a variage who sendse divired against hitself with intimes reberies and jealouses which were none the less real becaust they were by temporary and occurrding thoud where autimate uning f the forct wareas inapfitable
	layer_8: thus an thecurous manner the monard of luctory lining wersing a variage tho cense divied against itself with inties reveries and jealouses which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurring thaut where autimate uning onf the force was inavitable
	layer_10: thus an necurious manner the modnard of luctory lining was se a veriad trou sence divided against itself with intines reveries and jealousies which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurring thought where ultimate uning of the force was inevitable
	layer_12: thus an necurious manner the modrnard of luctory lining was seen a veriad hrue sence divided against itself with intines reveries and jealousies which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurring thought where ultimate uning on the force was inevitable

file: 1585-131718-0010.flac
expected: hence twenty years after the first edison stations were established the methods they involved could be fairly credited with no less than sixty seven per cent
	layer_2: hans twen yers after the first atisnmistation werestalished the mat theird s tey invoved could be faily croet with no lustan six yseven presend
	layer_4: hanc twenty years after the first avicon istation were staplished the mat theirdstey involved could be faily crodit with no les than six te seven peresentd
	layer_6: hance twenty years after the first avison estation were estaplished the matthirds tey involved could be failly cruwd it with no less than sixty seven precent
	layer_8: hence twenty years after the first addison station were established the methirds they involved could be fairly creded with no less than sixty seven per cent
	layer_10: hence twenty years after the first adison station were established the methords tay involved could be fairly creded with no less than sixty seven per cent
	layer_12: hence twenty years after the first adison station were established the methords tay involved could be fairly creded with no less than sixty seven per cent

file: 1585-131718-0011.flac
expected: it will be readily understood that under these conditions the modern lighting company supplies to its customers both incandescent and arc lighting frequently from the same dynamo electric machinery as a source of current and that the old feud as between the rival systems has died out
	layer_2: it wi be radly un arstoeo that inder these condeitions the mard lining hompu supplise to ids customeast both in chendesened and arcgliining fre uenly from the same dienammel elct trek macshi nary askdas swors of carend and tha the ow fod askbetun the ri wasistence has ied aut
	layer_4: it will be readly undestoo that oender these conditions the mad lining compy supplised o ids customras both incondosand and arclitning frequently from the same dienamme eluctrik machinary asked h soures of carrened and thout the owef fod askd betunthy rie was istance hased eied out
	layer_6: it will be readly understood that ander these conditions the madelining compy suppliesd towits customeris both incand esend and ark lighning frequently from the same dinamel eluctric machinary ask the sourcs ore currind and thou the owef food as beteen the rive als sistance hast died at
	layer_8: it will be readily understood that ul under these conditions the mod lighning humpany supplies to its customers both incandecent and ark lightning frequently from the same dynamel electric machinery as i sours of current and thaut the oweef food as between the ribal sistance has died at
	layer_10: it will be readily understood that iunder these conditions the mod lighning company supplies to its customers both incandescent and arc lighting frequently from the same dinamel electric machinery as e sors of current and thaut the oer food as betwen the rival systance has died at
	layer_12: it will be readily understood that iunder these conditions the mod lighning company supplies to its customers both incandescent and arc lighting frequently from the same dinamel electric machinery ase soures of current and that the ower food as between the rival systance has died at

file: 1585-131718-0012.flac
expected: in fact for some years past the presidents of the national electric light association have been chosen almost exclusively from among the managers of the great edison lighting companies in the leading cities
	layer_2: in tfact for some years paased ther rhusidence of the nati no elatric ighd assotiation happeing chowson omost exs closeiveuly for om among the maniageres hopf the great all sn lineincomptes in the liding sidis
	layer_4: in fact for some years pased ther husidance oftha nationnoelactric lighd association happeen chowsen almost exclusively from tamong the managers of the great adlison lint ing comptnescs in the liding citus
	layer_6: in fact for some years paset their husidants afte nation na elactric lihe association happin chosen almost exclusively forom among the managers of the great adisont linting comnoss in the lading citus
	layer_8: in fact for some years past their hesidants of the national electric light association havepeing chosen almost exclusively fom among the managers of the great allisont lining compness in the lading citis
	layer_10: in fact for some years past the presitants of the national electric light association have being chosen almost exclusively from among the managers of the great allison lining compness in the liding citizs
	layer_12: in fact for some years past the resitants of the national electric light association have being chosen almost exclusively from among the managers of the great allison lining companess in the liding citizs

file: 1585-131718-0013.flac
expected: the other strong opposition to the incandescent light came from the gas industry
	layer_2: the other stron oborsition to the incondessenligehd came from the gast indusgrow
	layer_4: the other stran orbosition to the incon desinlight came from the gast indes gru
	layer_6: the other strown ourpesition to the inconduscinliht came from the gas indis grew
	layer_8: the other strong opposition to the incandessin light came from the gas indes grew
	layer_10: the other strong opposition to the incandecent light came from the gas indis grew
	layer_12: the other strong opposition to the incandecent liht came from the gas indis grew

file: 1585-131718-0014.flac
expected: there also the most bitter feeling was shown
	layer_2: theirealso the most petrfeeling was shon
	layer_4: there also the most beter feeling was shon
	layer_6: theyre also the most beter feeling was shon
	layer_8: theyare also the most better feeling was shown
	layer_10: there also the most bitter feeling was shown
	layer_12: there also the most bitter feeling was shown

file: 1585-131718-0015.flac
expected: the gas manager did not like the arc light but it interfered only with his street service which was not his largest source of income by any means
	layer_2: the gaas managerd in no like arcliete but i intoferd only with his treet servics wer ose not his lar e sourc op in come by anymies
	layer_4: the gasmanaga di not like aurclied but a inteferred only with his treet service wher swers not his larde source op income by anemies
	layer_6: the gasmanage did not like ourklied but  interferred only with his treet service whi shwas not his lardissourcive income by enemies
	layer_8: the gas manager did not like arcklidte but iinterferred only with his treat service which was not his lar dissourcie income by enemies
	layer_10: the gas manager did not like arc lidte but it interferred only with his treat service which was not his largassourcive income by enemies
	layer_12: the gas manager did not like arc lite but it interferred only with his treat service which was not his lagaes sourcive income by enemies

file: 1585-131718-0016.flac
expected: here again was given a most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for its enemies
	layer_2: here again wasgeven the most convingsing dem mus tration of the tru that such an adition to the resourses of mein kind a was cares with it unseuspactled banofits even for his animis
	layer_4: here again res given the most convingsing emistration of the true that such an adition to the resources of man kind a was carris with it ongsuspactmed banefits even for his animus
	layer_6: here again wrasgivin the most convinsing demoistration of the truet that such an addition to the resources of mankind al ways carries with it unsuspacte banefits even for his animois
	layer_8: here again was giving the most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for his enimis
	layer_10: here again was giveng the most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for his enimies
	layer_12: here again was giveng the most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for his enimies

file: 1585-131718-0017.flac
expected: this was not long nor universally the spirit shown and to day in hundreds of cities the electric and gas properties are united under the one management which does not find it impossible to push in a friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants
	layer_2: theis was not lan no t ou norcslly thispirt i shone an to day in haunders of sitece they lackt urakean gas proveise are you night at onder that one mamighment which des not find it in possible to pitsh ing the friendly am progressaway thet yousof both eluminents
	layer_4: this was not lawn noi u norously the spirti shon anned to day an hundres of citie they lactory c an gas proverse are u niht at under that one mamagement which des not find it impossible to putish in the friendly an progressiway the use of both eluminance
	layer_6: this was not lown no unorslly the spitist shone annde to day in hundres of citezt the lactric and gas proverse are unite it under tha one mamagement which does not find it impossible to puish in he friendly and progressivd way the use of both illuminance
	layer_8: this was not lon no unrusally the spirt is shown and to day en hundres of cites the electric and gas provers are united under tha one management which does not find it impossible to puish in a friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminance
	layer_10: this was not long nou universally the spiritas shown and to day in hundreds of cities the electric and gas provence are united under tha one management which does not find it impossible to push in a friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants
	layer_12: this was not long nor universally the spirit as shown and today in hundreds of cities the electric and gas provence are united under tha one management which does not find it impossible to push in a friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminance

file: 1585-131718-0018.flac
expected: the most conspicuous example of this identity of interest is given in new york itself
	layer_2: thiy most conspegy was ousam po theise idendy of interest is gveenying nyew your eself
	layer_4: he most conspeagi wus izam of thise idanty of interest is givening new your hiself
	layer_6: tha most conspicguous esamp of thise idanty of interest is givening new york iself
	layer_8: the most conspicuous examp of this identy of interest is givening new york itself
	layer_10: the most conspicuous example of this identity of interest is given in new york itself
	layer_12: the most conspicuous example of this identity of interest is given in new york itself

file: 1585-131718-0019.flac
expected: so much for the early opposition of which there was plenty
	layer_2: so much for the ely obosition of which theirwerepsplendy
	layer_4: so much for the early obosition of which theire were opsplendy
	layer_6: so much for the early obosition of which they e were pesplendy
	layer_8: so much for the early opposition of which there were splenty
	layer_10: so much for the early opposition of which there were splenty
	layer_12: so much for the early opposition of which there were splendy

file: 1585-131718-0020.flac
expected: but it may be questioned whether inertia is not equally to be dreaded with active ill will
	layer_2: bu e may be questiont whe thea inursies not equalli to be dradit with actof ewwll
	layer_4: bu a may be questioned whether inersieris not equally to be dradid with act of ewwell
	layer_6: but it may be questioned whether in ursher is not equally to be dradted with act of uwill
	layer_8: bu it may be questioned whether in erthie s not equally to be draded with act of uwill
	layer_10: but it may be questioned whether in ershiers not equally to be dreaded with act of uwill
	layer_12: but it may be questioned whether in ershiars not equally to be dreaded with act of ulwill

file: 1585-131718-0021.flac
expected: of course a great many accounts were written and read but while genuine interest was aroused it was necessarily apathetic
	layer_2: of course a gra many couns were ret in nd rad but wy woi jhani  interistpots aroust it was neces serily ipathatic
	layer_4: of course a greay many conts were readen and rad but why woulh ania interestpos aroused it was necesserily epathatic
	layer_6: of course a gray many counts were eaden and rad but why woulh janio interestprus aroused it was necessarily epathatic
	layer_8: of course a greay many counts were readen and rad but why ud jenio interestras aroused it was necessarily epathetic
	layer_10: of course a great many accounts were readen and rad but why u jenio interest as aroused it was necessarily epathetic
	layer_12: of course a great many accounts were readen and rad but why wi jennio interest wass aroused it was necessarily epathetic

file: 1585-131718-0022.flac
expected: we got it at a great bargain and only paid a small sum down and the balance on mortgage
	layer_2: whr god ed athe gree barken and only patecs more some dm an the balas n wat ogage
	layer_4: wer god at at the greep barkin and only patust more some damn and the balace an watogage
	layer_6: whe got it at the gree barkin and only pat us more some damn and the ballaston watergage
	layer_8: when got it at the gree barkin and only paid us more sum dam in the ballaston watrgage
	layer_10: we got it at the greek bargain and only paid us more sumdamn in the balastone watergace
	layer_12: we got it at the greek bargain and only paid us more sum damn in the ballastone watergache

file: 1585-131718-0023.flac
expected: we sold them for forty cents but there were only about twenty or thirty thousand of them
	layer_2: wets saw them for fourey sance ba they aewere ally boat twnyu wath thor iys sousans of them
	layer_4: was sew them for four he scence but they re were only boued tweniy oa thiris thousands of them
	layer_6: wus sel them for fourty since but theyee were only about twenty or thirys thousands of them
	layer_8: wul sell them for fourty cence but there were only about twenty or thirty thousands of them
	layer_10: would sell them for forty cents but there were only about twenty or thirty thousand of them
	layer_12: would sell them for forty cents but there were only about twenty or thirty thousand of them

file: 1585-131718-0024.flac
expected: the fourth year i got it down to thirty seven cents and i made all the money up in one year that i had lost previously
	layer_2: the fort year i godedon toih thoty seven sans and amade ale the mony at in one year that i howlas prevusly
	layer_4: the fourth year i gode done to thouty seven sance and amade all the mony apt in one year that i halas prevously
	layer_6: the fourth year i guode done to thoty seven sance and ammade all the money at in one year that i ha lased prevously
	layer_8: the fourth year i gotid onto thirty seven cents and amade all the money apt in one year that i had lashed previously
	layer_10: the fourth year i gott it into thirty seven cents and amade all the money apt in one year that i had lased previously
	layer_12: the fourth year i got it into thirty seven cents and amade all the money apt in one year that i had lashed previously

file: 1585-131718-0025.flac
expected: one of the incidents which caused a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by experts
	layer_2: onenof the enxcidence which cout avery grad cheepening ors that when we startet one of the imporn processes hadto be don by axperts
	layer_4: one of the incidents which caugd a very gra cheapening wers that when we start ed one of the important processes had be done by axperts
	layer_6: one of the incidents which cauhst a very great cheepening wars that when we started one of the important processes had be done by axperts
	layer_8: one of the incidents which caust a very great cheavening was that when we start at one of the important processes had to be done by axperts
	layer_10: one of the incidents which caused a very great cheavening was that when we startet one of the important processes had to be done by experts
	layer_12: one of the incidents which caused a very great cheavening was that when we startet one of the important processes had to be done by experts

file: 1585-131718-0026.flac
expected: after feeling around for some days i got a clew how to do it
	layer_2: af ta feeling aroun for some days i got a clu  how oado it
	layer_4: af te feeling around for some days i got a clew  how to do it
	layer_6: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_8: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_10: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_12: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it

file: 1585-131718-0027.flac
expected: i then made another machine which did the work nicely
	layer_2: a then made an ao the maching which di the word nisely
	layer_4: at then made and ethe machinguwigh do the wordnizely
	layer_6: a them made an other maching uage did the work nisely
	layer_8: athen made another machine which did the work nicely
	layer_10: a them made another machine which did the work nicely
	layer_12: a them made another machine which did the work nicely

file: 1585-131718-0028.flac
expected: incidentally it may be noted as illustrative of the problems brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison an importer in the chinese trade went to him and wanted a dynamo to be run by hand power
	layer_2: ensordenly ie may be bhelet as a los s tradtof of the prowan proat oatisen dhat ile he had the factoreei at harrison and impouring the chines reder when to ham mench waned et a dainamod to be ron by hind power
	layer_4: incerdently e may be delet as lose tratofh of the prownd perouht soadicen that while he had the factory at harrison and impouring the chines rader when to hamemench want ed a dinamale to be rond by hend power
	layer_6: incidently he may be delliod as le strateth of the prowlang prought to adisent that while he had the factory at harison and imporing the chines treader wen to he menc wanted a donamal to be run by hand power
	layer_8: incidentlly het may be deliat aselustraduth of the prowdand proud to edlison that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinest reader went to he ment wanted a dynamao to be run by hen power
	layer_10: incidentaly it may be deliat aslustradeth of the prowdan brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison and imploring the chinese reader went to hem ant wanted a dynamo to be run by hen power
	layer_12: incidentally it may be deliat as lustradeth of the prowdan brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison and imploring the chinese reader went to hem and wanted a dynamo to be run by hen power

file: 1585-131718-0029.flac
expected: for making the dynamos edison secured as noted in the preceding chapter the roach iron works on goerck street new york and this was also equipped
	layer_2: fr make in tha dinimost atisens acured as notr in the procelen chabieder that reoch eiean worson go wore  sreet new yrk and this was alsoee quipt
	layer_4: for makin the dinamost adesnce occurd asked notd in the prsidine chabiter the roch ie an worson go werk street new york and this wears alsoy quiped
	layer_6: for making the dinamost adisonce eccured as noted in the proceding chabiter that roach irond worson go work streets new york and this was also e quipped
	layer_8: for making the dynamos addisson secured as note in the proceding chavitor the roach iron were on go work streets new york and this was also equipped
	layer_10: for making the dynamos addison secured as noted in the proceeding chaviter the roach iron were on go work streets new york and this was also equipped
	layer_12: for making the dynamos addison secured as noted in the proceeding chaviter the roach iron weres on go work streets new york and this was also equipped

file: 1585-131718-0030.flac
expected: to sigmund bergmann who had worked previously with edison on telephone apparatus and phonographs and was already making edison specialties in a small way in a loft on wooster street new york was assigned the task of constructing sockets fixtures meters safety fuses and numerous other details
	layer_2: to sik mond burtk man who had wr prevusly with aicen unsell e from the paradisen fone a graps and was alreade making at isem spa ciallytis nassmorl wae in te lagft on lhos derstreet e ork was a sainlted has of consdruced hin soccets fixtures mitters sifty fuses numbmerous ather ethous
	layer_4: to  sick mond bergkman who had wer prevausly with adicon untelte hrom the paraisn pone agraps ane was aread to making adism spaciallytis ntes smorwae ing e loft ong loe der street neuyorkd was a sing thet has of construct in sockkets fixtures mitters sifty fuses a numberous other thetouse
	layer_6: to ha sick mond bergman who had were prevously with adison until he from the paradisn phonagraps ane was already making adison specially tis  a s mol way and oloft un loostur street new york was assign the hos of constractin sockkits fixtures mitters sifty fuses a numorous other theetous
	layer_8: to th sick monded bergman who had wore previously with edison until t from the paradis an phonographs and was already making edison specially this in a small way and a loft ung looseter street new york was a signed hous of constructing sockkets fixtures miters siftyfuses an numbmerous other details
	layer_10: to the sick monded burgman who had worked previously with edison untaa from the parodus and phonographs and was already making edison specially this in a small way and a loft ung loose ter street new york was assignted house of constructing sockets fixtures mitters siftiffuses a numberous other details
	layer_12: to the sik mouned burgman who had worked previously with edison untaa from the parodis and phonographs and was already making edison specially this in a small way and a loft hung loose ter street new york was assignted house of constructing sockkets fixtures mitters sife diffuses a numberous other details

file: 1585-131718-0031.flac
expected: in the early part of eighteen eighty one the edison electric light company leased the old bishop mansion at sixty five fifth avenue close to fourteenth street for its headquarters and show rooms
	layer_2: an the early part of eigting eady one they atisan ilatr ya lihe compne leasty ord be sharl mation at sixty five fif everni close to fording street for his had quaters and showl ronce
	layer_4: an the early part of eighting ety one they adisen elactry lihe compnly least e odbe shawmation at sixty five fifth eveno clos to forting street for his had quaters and shew roms
	layer_6: in the early part of eighting eghdy one the adizen elactry liet company least eold be chi masion at sixty five fifth evenue close to fording street for his headquarters and show roims
	layer_8: in the early part of eighten eighty one the edison electry light company least a old be shymasion at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his head quarters and showroims
	layer_10: in the early part of eighteen eighty one the edison electri light company leads a old be shy mashen at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his headquarters and showroims
	layer_12: in the early part of eighteen eighty one the edison electri light company leads aold b shy mashin at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his headquarters and showroims

file: 1585-131718-0032.flac
expected: this was one of the finest homes in the city of that period and its acquisition was a premonitory sign of the surrender of the famous residential avenue to commerce
	layer_2: this wors one of thei fin is homed intacily of thoatparid and is aculisition was a premonind wes signe of the surander of the famem oiss restn shal avenr to commeurs
	layer_4: this were is one of thet fine is homed in the ciy of that pearit and is acquisition was a premoned wer signe of the surrander of the famous restnciau avenu to come merce
	layer_6: this ware as one of the fine es homed in the cily of tha perod and is acquisition was a premonnd were sign of the surender of the famous restn sholed avenue to comemerce
	layer_8: this wereas one of the finest home in the citly of that period and its acquisition was a premond erscigne of the surrender of the famous restinshould avenue to commerce
	layer_10: this was one of the finest home in the city of that period and its acquisition was a premodrsin of the surrender of the famous restinae shud avenue to commerce
	layer_12: this was one of the finest homes in the city of that period and its acquisition was a premodersin of the surrender of the famous restine hd avenue to commerce

file: 1585-131718-0033.flac
expected: the experience with the little gas engine was rather startling
	layer_2: thexperiesd with a lattle gas angin was rletheir staortling
	layer_4: the experiecsed with a lattle gas anging was saetheir startling
	layer_6: the experienced with a latl gas anging wics fra ther startling
	layer_8: the experienced with a latle gas angine was frarther startling
	layer_10: the experienced with a latle gas angine was rather startling
	layer_12: they experienced with a latle gas angine was rather startling

file: 1585-131718-0034.flac
expected: one day it was not going very well and i went down to the man in charge and got exploring around
	layer_2: one da ie was not going very wow and won dunt to the man ing chrge and god itx parying arount
	layer_4: one day it was not going very whou and one dunt to the manin charge and got ex poring araunt
	layer_6: one day it was not going very wow and it wene dant to the man in charge and god expouring arant
	layer_8: one day it was not going very well and it went dune to the man in charge and got exporing a rant
	layer_10: one day it was not going very well and it went dune to the man in charge and got exporing a rant
	layer_12: one day it was not going very well and it went dune to the man in charge and got exporing a rant

file: 1585-131718-0035.flac
expected: for the next four or five years sixty five was a veritable beehive day and night
	layer_2: a an ex foroal five year suc ti fi was a veri d abob be hive dey an night
	layer_4: het ta next forou five year six tifi was a veri he bobe b hive da an night
	layer_6: for te next for or five year sixtifye was a veri de bot be hife day and night
	layer_8: for th next four o five year sixty fye was a varibo be hihe day and night
	layer_10: for thenext four or five year sixty five was a veritable bee hive day and night
	layer_12: for the next four or five year sixty fived was a veritable bee hive day and night

file: 1585-131718-0036.flac
expected: the routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory in its utter neglect of the clock
	layer_2: thet routein was very mucht the same aske that at the labour tory ing its urt a nacollad of the clork
	layer_4: the ruting was very much the same asked that at the labertary ing its urtta nakoligt of the clock
	layer_6: the routingu was very much the same as that at the labratary ing its artternakalite of the clock
	layer_8: the routinge was very much the same as that at the laboratory in its urternacolite of the clock
	layer_10: the routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory in its artinaclite of the cleck
	layer_12: the routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory in its artinaclite of the cleck

file: 1585-131718-0037.flac
expected: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a cigar even if i locked them up in my desk they would break it open
	layer_2: i was tell ing te gente monm one day that i could not kee a secre even they i locke then mya eun mi dusk they would breake it open
	layer_4: i was telling the gentemen one day that i could not keepb a secre even they fi locked then mid been i dusk they would break it open
	layer_6: i was telling a gentlemen one day that i could not keep a secre even they find locked them  hadeen my dusk they would break it open
	layer_8: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even theif i locked them m had ee my dusk they would break it open
	layer_10: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even if i locked them upe ein my dusk they would break it open
	layer_12: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even if i locked them upe in my dusk they would break it open

file: 1585-131718-0038.flac
expected: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a superior grade of cigars and who would show them a trick
	layer_2: he sug gaster to me that he had a friend over an ath aveniu who mid u subeura grat of segress a who would showl them matrack
	layer_4: he sugjasterd to me that he had a friend over un ate avenue who made a subure a grade of segres and who would show them a trak
	layer_6: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a sebeurea grade of segres an who would show them a trike
	layer_8: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a supereer grade of segrets and who would show them a trigu
	layer_10: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a superier grade of sekrets and who would show them a trik
	layer_12: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a superier grade of sekrets and who would show them a trick

file: 1585-131718-0039.flac
expected: he said he would have some of them made up with hair and old paper and i could put them in without a word and see the result
	layer_2: he sa that he would have some of thrm magde a with har and o paperand i couldpt them ming without award and see that resout
	layer_4: he said that he would have some of therm made a with har and o paper and i could put them ing without a ward and seethe resout
	layer_6: he said that he would have some of then made abb with haire and o paper and i could put them ing without a word and see ther resout
	layer_8: he said that he would have some of the made ab with hair and oh paper and i could put them in without a word and see their wasout
	layer_10: he said that he would have some of them made ab with har and o paper and i could put them in without a word and see their wusout
	layer_12: he said that he would have some of them made ab with har and o paper and i could put them in without a word and see their wusout

file: 1585-131718-0040.flac
expected: i thought no more about the matter
	layer_2: i houl know mworaba the maotter
	layer_4: i cau kno wore aby the matter
	layer_6: i tfougt no more i bou the matter
	layer_8: i thouht no more about the matter
	layer_10: i thought no mwore about the matter
	layer_12: i thought no mwored about the matter

file: 1585-131718-0041.flac
expected: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_2: i dinth remember andything about et
	layer_4: i dintt remember anything about it
	layer_6: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_8: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_10: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_12: i didn't remember anything about it

file: 1585-131718-0042.flac
expected: i was too busy on other things to notice
	layer_2: i was to busyoun aothe things to denotice
	layer_4: i was to busiang other things to tdhenotice
	layer_6: i was too busy oung other things to denotice
	layer_8: i was too busy yong other things to denotice
	layer_10: i was too busy mong other things to de notise
	layer_12: i was too busy mong other things to dhe notise

file: 1585-131718-0043.flac
expected: speaking of those days or nights edison says years ago one of the great violinists was remenyi
	layer_2: spak ig o tho sdaycs of nights aut aisnessesys years ago one of the grea ilinust was raminny
	layer_4: speaking of thoe tacs ofvnights ant isnenses years ago one of the gra iolenest was ramoni
	layer_6: speaking of those das ofnights antisnessays years ago one of the great violinest was ramine
	layer_8: speaking of those days of nights antisoes says years ago one of the great violinist was ramene
	layer_10: speaking of those days of knights andison says years ago one of the great violinists was remenie
	layer_12: speaking of those days of knights andison says years ago one of the great violinists was remenie

file: 1585-131718-0044.flac
expected: he would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his violin
	layer_2: whe woal taglk widh me lat i never asked him to bring his vyoling
	layer_4: ho woud talk with me that i never asked him to bring his vioeling
	layer_6: who would talk with me that i never asked him to bring his violinge
	layer_8: who would talk with me hut i never asked him to bring his violing
	layer_10: who would talk with me bhut i never asked him to bring his violin
	layer_12: who would talk with me bhut i never asked him to bring his violine

file: 1585-131718-0045.flac
expected: one night he came with his violin about twelve o'clock
	layer_2: why noght he came with his violing about toe a'clock
	layer_4: why noht he came with his viling about telve o'clock
	layer_6: why night he came with his violing about telve o'clock
	layer_8: why not he came with his violing about telve o'clock
	layer_10: why not he came with his violin about twelve o'clock
	layer_12: why not he came with his violin about twelve o'clock

file: 1585-131718-0046.flac
expected: after that every time he came to new york he used to call at sixty five late at night with his violin
	layer_2: after that everi time he came to newr yorg he us to caresedo figd late enight with his fiolinced
	layer_4: after that every time he came to new yorgk he usedto calrsix defied late anight with his fiolenched
	layer_6: after that every time he came to new york he usedto col  sixtyfied late a night with his iolynched
	layer_8: after that every time he came to new york he used to cae ar sixtifid late a night with his violinche
	layer_10: after that every time he came to new york he used to call ert sixtyfied late a night with his violinch
	layer_12: after that every time he came to new york he used to cal her sixtified late a night with his violinch

file: 1585-131718-0047.flac
expected: another visitor who used to give us a good deal of amusement and pleasure was captain shaw the head of the london fire brigade
	layer_2: an other vhisiter whowoud used to giefuss a go dall in usement am pleasure was capaind shar they had of lendin fibr y gatde
	layer_4: another visitor  who wold used to gif us a goo deal emusement and pleasure was kaptain shar they head of lendin fibrygate
	layer_6: another visitor who would used to gife us a good dea emusement and pleasure was captain shar the heard of londen fiebry gate
	layer_8: another visitor who would used to give us a good deal amusement and pleasure was captain shah the hard of london fibry gate
	layer_10: another visitor who would used to give us a good deal amusement and pleasure was captain shar the head of london fibrury gate
	layer_12: another visitor who would used to give us a good deal amusement and pleasure was captain shar the head of london fibruary gate

file: 1585-131718-0048.flac
expected: he would go out among the fire laddies and have a great time
	layer_2: whe wal go out amon the filadies and hath a greatime
	layer_4: he will go out amon the filadies and haltf a great time
	layer_6: he will go out amon the fi ladies and haltf a great time
	layer_8: he will go out among the fig ladies and haltf a great time
	layer_10: he will go out among the fi ladies and hate a great time
	layer_12: he will go out among the fi ladies and have a great time

file: 1585-131718-0049.flac
expected: speaking of telling stories i once got telling a man stories at the harrison lamp factory in the yard as he was leaving
	layer_2: spaking ofh tell thes oris thi went sgodthalliga m sdorhiys at the heris ind len factry and ta yard as he was leeaving
	layer_4: speaking of tellesd ouris thi wonc god alliga mans dory's at the harrisand lan factory ind a yard as he was leaving
	layer_6: speaking of tellesdoris i wence god tallia ma's dori's at the herion land factory and a yard as he was leaving
	layer_8: speaking of tallas dores i wence god talia man's dories at the harrison lan factory in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_10: speaking of talesdores i once god talio man's storis at the herris on lan factory in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_12: speaking of talesdores i once god talio man's stories at the herrois on lam factory in a yard as he was leaving

file: 1585-131718-0050.flac
expected: it was winter and he was all in furs
	layer_2: hit was winder an ho ers alwing firs
	layer_4: e was winder and heo wres alwing first
	layer_6: et was windered and he wares awing first
	layer_8: he was windered and he was owing first
	layer_10: he was winderd and he was owing first
	layer_12: he was winderd and he was owing first

file: 1585-131718-0051.flac
expected: i had nothing on to protect me against the cold
	layer_2: i had nothng om to protean me af gaist to cold
	layer_4: i had nothing ome to protect me a guens tecolt
	layer_6: i had nothing lon to pretect me agaenst a cote
	layer_8: i had nothing ong to protect me against a cote
	layer_10: i had nothing ong to protect me against a cote
	layer_12: i had nothing on to protect me against a cote

file: 1585-131718-0052.flac
expected: then i got pleurisy and had to be shipped to florida for cure
	layer_2: ten ha gab ple or iseand hoad o be sheipedto flori of for cur
	layer_4: tan a gub pleariseend had o be shipe to flori ho recur
	layer_6: nanagob plery syened hoad to be shipped to flory to frecuery
	layer_8: dannagob plury sened had to be shpped to florri to frocurity
	layer_10: nannagob plurysned had to be ship to flori to procure i
	layer_12: anannagob plury sned had to be ship to flori te procure i

file: 1585-131718-0053.flac
expected: it had merely enjoyed the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of backing edison's experiments
	layer_2: he hamel njor the telihts of entrous andisipation and a paro lus pleutuye of facenig aisens expariments
	layer_4: he ha merl ienjeoy the delights of anxres and disipation and ta parlous pleasury of factaning atisence experiments
	layer_6: he had merely endue the delights of anxrous andicipation and a perilous pleasurye of factning adisence experiments
	layer_8: he had merely endured the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasury of factoning edison's experiments
	layer_10: he had merely enjured the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of facting edison's experiments
	layer_12: he had merely enjured the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of tacing edison's experiments

file: 1585-131718-0054.flac
expected: now active exploitation was required
	layer_2: now acter is poitation was requite
	layer_4: now acted es poitation was requite
	layer_6: now acte is ploitation was required
	layer_8: now acte its plotation was required
	layer_10: now after its ploitation was required
	layer_12: now after its ploitation was required

file: 1585-157660-0000.flac
expected: london its guilt and glory
	layer_2: lendon is golt and gorry
	layer_4: lyndon his goat and glory
	layer_6: lyndon his goat and glory
	layer_8: lindon his goat and glory
	layer_10: lindon his goat and glory
	layer_12: lindon his goat and glory

file: 1585-157660-0001.flac
expected: they say best men are molded out of faults and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_2: they say best man aur moded out a fots and for the most the come much more the better for bing a little bad
	layer_4: they say best man aur moed out of fots and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_6: they say best man are moted out of fots and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_8: they say best man are moted out of toughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_10: they say best man are moded out of thoughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_12: they say best man are moded out of thoughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad

file: 1585-157660-0002.flac
expected: standing on a broken column of the old steeple three hundred feet above primrose hill william struck an attitude of theatrical fashion and uttered the following oratorical flight
	layer_2: standing on the brok and colum of the o steeber thway hunda feet ebove prain ros hil willhmsdruck an aitutof ther try go fashion and odturt the folling oure torric of fliged
	layer_4: standing on the brokend column of the ow steeber thrweey hundred feet above pram rose hill willams ruck an atitute of thertre go fashion and otter the folling alr ritorico flied
	layer_6: standing on the broken column of the o steeper three hundred feet above praime rows hill willam struck an atitude of theartrico fashion and otter the foling alritorico fliht
	layer_8: standing on the broken column of the o steeper three hundred feet above prame rose hill william struck an attitude of theatrico fashion and otter the folling aritorica flight
	layer_10: standing on the broken column of the o steaper three hundred feet above preme rose hill william struck an attitude of theatri go fashion and utter the folling aritorical flight
	layer_12: standing on the broken column of the o steaper three hundred feet above preme rose hill william struck an attitude of theatric go fashion and utter the folling aritorical flight

file: 1585-157660-0003.flac
expected: glorious london
	layer_2: glares lendon
	layer_4: glariyus lendon
	layer_6: glorius london
	layer_8: glorieus london
	layer_10: glorious london
	layer_12: glorious london

file: 1585-157660-0004.flac
expected: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vestige of this wonderful mass of human energy shall remain where the cry of the wolf bat and bittern shall only be heard and nature again resume her rustic splendid desolation
	layer_2: asad how san to thin that the day will con whel not a vastate of this one of er mass aof hu manarigy shal rema where the cry of the woff bat and bedon she allly be herd a natur gaim whresum her rustic s blandon desolation
	layer_4: sad how sound to thing that the day willcon werld not avastege of this one of ermass of humanyanergy shall remain where the cry of the waff bad and betom she almly be heard a nature again resume her rustic sblandon desolation
	layer_6: asad how sand to think that the day wilcome werl not avasteg of this one of hermass of humanenergy shall remain where the cry of the waf bad and beat hom shell almily be heard a nature again resumed her rustic splendond desolation
	layer_8: a sad how sad to think that the day will come wer not a vasted of this wone f ermass of human energy shall remain with the cry of the warf bad and beaten should alully be heard and nature again resume her rustic splendind desolation
	layer_10: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vastede of this wond fermass of human energy shall remain with the cry of the wharf bad and beaten shoull almully be heard ad nature again resume her rustic splendid desolation
	layer_12: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vasteg of this wond fermass of human energy shall remain wit the cry of the wharf bad and beaten shoall almly be heart and nature again resume her rustic splendid desolation

file: 1585-157660-0005.flac
expected: the devil's tavern was a resort for actors authors bohemians lords and ladies who did not retire early to their downy couches
	layer_2: the devewas heaven was ta resort for actors authrs behemions lors an ladie whodit now retime early to thair downingd coutcious
	layer_4: the devilas theaven was th resort for actors authors buhemionslors and ladies who a did not retime early to their downing couchious
	layer_6: the devils heaven was the resort for actors authors but hemians flores and ladies who  did not retime early to their downing couches
	layer_8: the devilast heaven was the resort for actors authors bohemians flors and ladies who did not retine early to their downing couches
	layer_10: the devilst heaven was the resort for actors arthors bohemians flors and ladies who did now return early to their downing couches
	layer_12: the devilst heaven was the resort for actors arthors bohemians flours and ladies who did now return early to their downing couches

file: 1585-157660-0006.flac
expected: william and myself soon found rest in deep slumber and wafted away into a dreamless realm our tired bodies lay in the enfolding arms of morpheus until the porter knocked at our door the next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_2: well em and mysou soo faun rest indepslumbern ae weafte away ino ad dremlys rim our tied bod is layi ng the ing foling arm soe morforce unto the poteor nock at aur dordi next borning as tha clock of the torestruck the our of nine
	layer_4: well omn and my sou soon found rast in deep s lumbering had wefted away into a dreamlys rim our tied bottislay in theingfoing arm so morfrs unto the pottor knock at our dord next borning asedtho clock of the towrstruckt the hour of nin
	layer_6: well o am mysou soon found rast in deep slumbern and waft it away into a dreamles rim our tied bodtise lay in the  infoing arm some morpfors unto the potter knock at our dore next morning ast ho'clock of the tower struct the hour of nine
	layer_8: wella am mysoush soon found rest in deep slumburng and waftid away into a dreamlyss rim our tide boice lay in the infoding armsore morphors unto the pottern knock at our door next morning as tho'clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_10: wello amd myseuf soon found rest in deep slumberng and whafted away into a dreamless rim our tide boice lay in the infoading arms and morphurs unto the potter knock at our door next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_12: well on amd myseuf soon found rest in deep slumberin and whafted away into a dreamless rim our tide bodice lay in the infoding arms and morphurs unto the potter knock at our door next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine

file: 1585-157660-0007.flac
expected: our first sight of sunrise in london gave us great expectations of fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expectations
	layer_2: i fir sid of son riing land e gif rts grend exptations o fame andfordtumn for surelly alwe had ras glowing exitations
	layer_4: o first side of sun rising land a gief as gred expetations or fame anforgtune for surely alwe had was glowing expetations
	layer_6: our first side of sum rising landa gif as great expitations our fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expitations
	layer_8: our first sight of sun rising lander give uts great expetations our fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expetations
	layer_10: our first sight of sunrising linder gifes us great expectations ouf fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expectations
	layer_12: our first sight of sunrising linder gifes us great expectations ouf fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expectations

file: 1585-157660-0008.flac
expected: oft expectation fails and most oft there where most it promises and oft it hits where hope is coldest and despair most fits
	layer_2: oft exitation fous and most af there where most apromisis and off a hids were hopeish codest and hespear most fits
	layer_4: oft expetation fous and most aft there where most a promises and off a hits were hope is codest and desparemost fits
	layer_6: oft expitation fows and most aft there were most apromises and off a hids where hope is codest and despaire most fit
	layer_8: oft expitation fows and most af there were most a promises and off a hids where hope is codest and despair most fit
	layer_10: oft expetation fouls and most oft there were most a promises and oft a hids where hope is codest and despair most fits
	layer_12: oft expetation fowls and most oft there were most a promises and oft a his where hope is codest and despair most fits

file: 1585-157660-0009.flac
expected: deuces won double and sixes treble coin
	layer_2: dusis one dubber whin sixes trabbiclong
	layer_4: ducis one dub when sixest trebicoin
	layer_6: duces one dubar wen sixes trebicoine
	layer_8: deuces one dubr win sixtis trebicoin
	layer_10: deuces one db' win sixis trebicoin
	layer_12: deuces one dbe win sixis trebicoin

file: 1585-157660-0010.flac
expected: william to the great amazement of the dealer flung a guinea in the center pot which was immediately tapped by jack while the others looked on in silent expectation
	layer_2: well am to the greyd amazemend of the dilar flong a ginig in that cen apot whichwres imedall y hept by jack wildthey others tooked on in sileng expetation
	layer_4: well him to the grat amazement of the diller flong aginning in tha santapot which wrse immedialy heppd by jack whild the otherstlooked on in sileng expetation
	layer_6: well im to the great amazement of the diller flung aginning in the anapat which weres immediately tepped by jacg whild the others tlooked on in siling expetation
	layer_8: well am to the great amazement of the daller flung a ginning in the sanapot which wars immediately teped by jack whiled the others looked on in silent expetation
	layer_10: william to the great amazement of the diller flung a guinea in the senapot which was immediately tapped by jack while the others looked on in silent expetation
	layer_12: welliam to the great amazement of the diller flung a guinea in the cenopot which was immediately tapped by jack while the others looked on in silent expectation

file: 1585-157660-0011.flac
expected: the polite jack replied all right sir take your word for it
	layer_2: the pit jac wrepond a'll ricetor take at word for it
	layer_4: the plite jack repunt i'll rie sir take a word for it
	layer_6: the plite jacg ere punt i'll rice sir take a word for it
	layer_8: the plite jack were puned a'll rite sir take a word for it
	layer_10: the polite jack were puned all rice sir take a word for it
	layer_12: the polite jack were punned all rie sir take a word for it

file: 1585-157660-0012.flac
expected: i have set my life upon a cast and will stand the hazard of the die
	layer_2: i ave sint my life upon the casd i is stande hauzerd of the diye
	layer_4: i have sent my life upon the cast a will stand a housert of the die
	layer_6: i have sent my life upon the cast a will stand the hazard of the die
	layer_8: i have sent my life upon the cast o will stand the hazard of the dye
	layer_10: i have sent my life upon the cast o will stand the hazard of the dye
	layer_12: i have sent my life upon the cast o will stand the hazard of the dye

file: 1585-157660-0013.flac
expected: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found him joking with the landlady about a couple of infant bull pups she was fondling in her capacious lap
	layer_2: i m meedal ya followed in his frstps and found ma jokin with a lend loady abota coub e ve infan bu paps she was fanderling her campacious lap
	layer_4: iimmedala followed an his fu staps and found ama joging with ha lend lody about a coup eoof infant bou paps she was fondeling her capacious lap
	layer_6: i immedaly followed in his fitsteps and foundhima joging with ha lendlady about a coupe of infane boo paps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_8: i immedirely followed in his fotsteps and found him a joging with the lanlady about a coupe of infan bou paps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_10: i immeditely followed in his footsteps and found him a joking with the landlady about a couple of infant bou paps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_12: i immeditely followed in his footsteps and found him a joking with the landlady about a couple of infanitd bou paps she was fondling her capacious lap

file: 1585-157660-0014.flac
expected: if he had dropped out of the clouds william could not have been more pleased or surprised and the feeling was reciprocal
	layer_2: i the had jopbed out of he clouts will an couldnot have beng more pleased o surprised and the feieling was reciprco
	layer_4: if he had jopbed out of a cloudhs will im could not have been more pleased o surprised and the feeling was reciprico
	layer_6: if he had jopped out of ha clouds well im could not have been more pleased of surprised and the feeling was reciprico
	layer_8: if he had jopped out of the clouds willam could not have been more pleased of surprised tand the feeling was reciproco
	layer_10: if he had jopped out of the clouds william could not have been more pleased of surprise an the feeling was reciproco
	layer_12: if he had jopped out of the clouds william could not have been more pleased of surprised an the feeling was reciprocot

file: 1585-157660-0015.flac
expected: the printing shop of field was only a short distance from the devil's tavern and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_2: the priniyg shop of fou was oling a shore distans fromn the dab was thavhen and we wereing vided to visithey stablishmend
	layer_4: the prining shop of fau was owing a shure distance from the dava's tavhenm and we were invited to visidtay stablishmend
	layer_6: the prenming shopof fou was owing a sure distance from the devo'staven and we were invited to visi the establishment
	layer_8: the prining shopaffaw was owing a shore distance from the devoustaven and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_10: the prening chapafau was owing a short distance from the davi'staven and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_12: the prining chapafau was owing a short distance from the davo's taven and we were invited to visit the establishment

file: 1585-157660-0016.flac
expected: james burbage gazed for a moment on the manly form of william and blurted out in his bluff manner what do you know
	layer_2: jame s crobige gased for a moend and the maly forma willam and blury out in his blove mener what do you know
	layer_4: james grbege gazed for a momend ond the manly forma willhim and blurry out in his blauvh minner what do you know
	layer_6: james reybadge gazed for a moment ond the manily former willam and blurry ot in his blaghmanner what do you know
	layer_8: james greybage gazed for a moment on the manly former william and blurrye out in his blaghmanner what do you know
	layer_10: james grybage gazed for a moment on the manly former willham and blurryed out in his blagmanner what do you know
	layer_12: james grerbage gazed for a moment on the manly former willham and blurried out in his blaughmanner what do you know

file: 8254-115543-0000.flac
expected: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_2: the next day everybodin the huse began to make preparations wert te journey
	layer_4: the next day everyboddin the house began to make preparations wor the journey
	layer_6: the next day everybodyin the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_8: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_10: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_12: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey

file: 8254-115543-0001.flac
expected: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and disputing and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_2: everything was denevery lasiurelly though therewas a lotta talking an dispting and the giving of contry ordiers
	layer_4: everything was denvery lasurely though there was a lottl talking and dispooing and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_6: everything was don very leisurely though there was a lott of talking an dispooting and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_8: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and dispouting and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_10: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and disputing and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_12: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and disputing and the giving of contrary orders

file: 8254-115543-0002.flac
expected: the old porter was there directing and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and bags of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_2: the old porter was  fhaire dracting ha scording the serence afs they piled the rug somplankets and baggs of thoud and pots and pands handdishes in to the wagon
	layer_4: the old porter was tare dracting a scooding the servants as they piled the rugs samd blankets and beggs of lood and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_6: the old porter was fare dracting ascolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of flood and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_8: the old porter was tare diracting a scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_10: the old porter was fair diracting and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_12: the old porter was fair diracting and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon

file: 8254-115543-0003.flac
expected: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_2: tere was quite of procession of an theat last the bicg weggon rombud out thrug the gite way
	layer_4: there was quite a pocession ofhin the last the big wagon rumbud out through the get way
	layer_6: there was quite a procession of en that last the big wagon rumboed out through the gatway
	layer_8: there was quite a procession fwhen hat last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_10: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_12: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway

file: 8254-115543-0004.flac
expected: behind it came the grandmother in her dhoolie dak a sort of a litter or easy chair swung between two long poles
	layer_2: behind a camed the ganmother and her duoy deck a soot o ra litter wor easy chair som between too long pos
	layer_4: behind i came the grandmother and her july dack a soot of a litter wer easy chair som between two long pose
	layer_6: behind i came t the grandmother in her july deck a sooit of a litter oer easy chair sume between two lowng poles
	layer_8: behind i came to the grandmother in her july deck a sort of a litter or easy chair sum between two long poles
	layer_10: behind i came the grandmother in her july deck a sort of a litter or easy chair sunk between two long poles
	layer_12: behind i came the grandmother in her july deck a sort of a litter or easy chair sunk between two long poles

file: 8254-115543-0005.flac
expected: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside the slow moving wagon
	layer_2: besize the family theye wr many servants and suverl others walked beside a slow moving wagen
	layer_4: besided the family there were many servants and soveral others walked beside he slow moving wagon
	layer_6: besidzed the family there were many servants and several others walked beside the slow moving wagon
	layer_8: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside their slow moving wagon
	layer_10: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside the slow moving wagon
	layer_12: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside the slow moving wagon

file: 8254-115543-0006.flac
expected: the cook too went with them
	layer_2: he cok to wene with them
	layer_4: the cook too wont with them
	layer_6: the cook too want with them
	layer_8: the cook too wont with them
	layer_10: the cook too wen't with them
	layer_12: the cook too wen't with them

file: 8254-115543-0007.flac
expected: good bye shouted little nao from his garden wall as they went by good bye
	layer_2: god by shad ed littenou fromiscarden wasly won by god by
	layer_4: good by shat a littlenow from hiss carden wasly wonpy good by
	layer_6: good bye shouted little now from his gardon wasley went bye good bye
	layer_8: good bye shouted little now from his garden wilstley went by good bye
	layer_10: good bye shouted little now from his garden whalstley went by good bye
	layer_12: good bye shouted little now from his garden whalstley went by good bye

file: 8254-115543-0008.flac
expected: they shouted greetings to their friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old fakir smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_2: they shata greeding to thi friend  the poter as tie passdthom and uso to the old facor smired al over with ashes who san a little brickaut by the bigh and prtended to make wonderful curs
	layer_4: they shouta greeding through their friend a the poter as the passed them and also to the old facur smiried ale over with ashes whos sat in an little brick hut by the bridge and prtended to make wonderful cures
	layer_6: they shouted greeting thrugh their friend the potter as they past him and also to the old facer smered al over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful curs
	layer_8: they shouted greeting through the friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old facer smeared al over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_10: they shouted greeting through their friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old facor smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_12: they shouted greeting through ther friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old facor smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures

file: 8254-115543-0009.flac
expected: this is more fun than going to school said chola as the oxen plodded along through clouds of dust
	layer_2: this is more whan the ghoing jo schoor si colar as thee oxandplared r alongethreug clous of dest
	layer_4: this is morepen the going gu school sicola as the oxenplareted alone through clous of dust
	layer_6: this is more frend nhe going gi school sid cola as the ox emplated along through clous of dust
	layer_8: this is more fend ta going to school said cola as the ox em ploted along through clouds of dust
	layer_10: this is mor fenna going to school said chola as the oxen plodded along through clouds of dust
	layer_12: this is morfrendna going to school said chola as the oxen plodded along through clouds of dust

file: 8254-115543-0010.flac
expected: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts run quite wild
	layer_2: these lovelebirs ire funnarly everyworn andia and in some parts wrerain quite wild
	layer_4: these lovely birds are foud nearly everywere in inddiea and in some parts we in quite wild
	layer_6: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts were in quite wild
	layer_8: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts woere in quite wild
	layer_10: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts erein quite wild
	layer_12: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts orein quite wild

file: 8254-115543-0011.flac
expected: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was saying his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_2: his flong matted hair hung on his hoders and ye was sing his prayers with the help of the rosary of beats which she continually pasthe the his hands
	layer_4: his long matted hair hung on his shouders and ye was seing his prayers with the help of a rosery of beats which he continually pasted theueh his hands
	layer_6: his long madted hair hung on his shouders and he was seeing his prayers with the help of a rosery of beats which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_8: his long matted hair hung on his shouders and he was sieing his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passedthrough his hands
	layer_10: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was singing his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_12: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was singing his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands

file: 8254-115543-0012.flac
expected: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bowl saying give oh charitable people to this holy one
	layer_2: as the wagin came up haeyolng man who ha company the wholy man ran up and howdout a baging ble saying give o charitable people to this holly one
	layer_4: as the wegan came up a young man who accompanyd the wholly man ran up and how dout a beggingbole saying give o churitable people to this holly one
	layer_6: as the wegon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and how dout a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one
	layer_8: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and helwed out a bagging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one
	layer_10: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one
	layer_12: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one

file: 8254-115543-0013.flac
expected: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_2: no contriy in the wood has so many bageres as indea
	layer_4: no country in the word has so many baggers as indiea
	layer_6: no country in the word has so many beggars as india
	layer_8: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_10: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_12: no country in the world has so many beggars as india

file: 8254-115543-0014.flac
expected: many of them are called holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the alms that are given to them
	layer_2: many of the man cot wholy men becausd they do nothing but make pigromages froen one secrert plice o inother ther ving oully on the ams that a givin to them
	layer_4: many of them or couht wholy men because they do nothing but make pogromages from one secreit ploice to another living solely on the arms that re given to them
	layer_6: many of them are caught holly men because they do nothing but make pogrimages from one sacret poas to another living solely on the arms that are given to them
	layer_8: many of them are caught holy men because they do nothing but make pigrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the arms that are given to them
	layer_10: many of them are caught holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the arms that are given to them
	layer_12: many of them are caught holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the arms that are given to them

file: 8254-115543-0015.flac
expected: when they had eaten their lunch the young people went to explore the garden near them
	layer_2: an they had eaten their lunch the yon pe bontr axplore the gardin near them
	layer_4: when they had eaten their lunch the youn't peopeoon ter explore the garden near them
	layer_6: when they had eaten their lunch the young people wont to explore the garden near them
	layer_8: when they had eaten their lunch the young people went to explore the garden near them
	layer_10: when they had eaten their lunch the young people want to explore the garden near them
	layer_12: when they had eaten their lunch the young people want to explore the garden near them

file: 8254-115543-0016.flac
expected: perhaps there are dogs said mahala a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs when they saw a thicket of sugar cane down by a stream
	layer_2: perhaps ther'r doks aid ma halla a litte fearfully but hif for got about dogs ind thy sawht the ket of shouldoeking down py as stream
	layer_4: perhaps they are dog sain ma halla a little fearfully but they oregot about dogs ron the saut thickit of shouldae king down by hais stream
	layer_6: perhaps ther are dog said mahala a little fearfully but they foregot about dogs wen they saw thicket of shudy king down by hi stream
	layer_8: perhaps they are dogs said mahala a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs wen they saw a thicket of sugu king down by ai stream
	layer_10: perhaps there are dogs said mahala a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs wen they saw a thicket of sugru kane down by a stream
	layer_12: perhaps there are dogs said mahala a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs when they saw a thicket of suga kane down by a stream

file: 8254-115543-0017.flac
expected: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now ploughing by the stream said chola
	layer_2: praps woe com by some from the man theuge he is now pluoing by the scren said cola
	layer_4: perhaps we can bysome from the man there he is now ploing by the stream said cala
	layer_6: perhaps we can by some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola
	layer_8: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola
	layer_10: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola
	layer_12: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola

file: 8254-115543-0018.flac
expected: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a long stalk of cane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_2: it is the kgin hr water said the farmer as he took alost uck o cane and gently cgided it jownto hi's ram
	layer_4: it is thookin fer water said the farmer as he took a losst fuck of cane and gently guided it down to hisdream
	layer_6: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a lost sfuck of cane and gently guided it down to his tream
	layer_8: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a lost sulk of cane and gently guided it down to thistream
	layer_10: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a lost sulk of can and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_12: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a lost suck of can and gently guided it down to the stream

file: 8254-115543-0019.flac
expected: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus and they would not kill or injure one for anything
	layer_2: the snake as tanother stacret animal of the hindes and theygwa nowt killer injr on for anything
	layer_4: the snake is another stacret animal of the hindes and they wole no kill were injure wend for anything
	layer_6: the snake is another stacred animal of the hindus andthey wole not kill where injure wend for anything
	layer_8: the snake is another stacred animal of the hindus and they wold not kill or injure when for anything
	layer_10: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus and they will not kill or injure when for anything
	layer_12: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus and they will not kill or injure when for anything

file: 8254-115543-0020.flac
expected: as they were about to move on again they saw a great cloud of dust down the road
	layer_2: as then rbut o m won again they sogry clowdtle dust gen the load
	layer_4: as them aboutc to movan again they sagree cloudle dust gown the road
	layer_6: as they wre bout to move on again they sagare cloudo dust down the road
	layer_8: as they were bout to move on again they saw gree cloud o dust down the road
	layer_10: as they wer about to move on again they saw gray cloud o dust down the road
	layer_12: as they were about to move on again they saw gray cloud o dust down the road

file: 8254-115543-0021.flac
expected: it turned out that it was a great and powerful rajah going in state on a journey to visit another rajah or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern india was formerly made up
	layer_2: r turne ubt that it was tae grey am powerfull redga goansthay ona joune to was tet anothe rega where rulaer of one of the smalking domes or stats of which mardrent indeas formly maea
	layer_4: are turned out that it wis tha greet andpowerful rega golingan stey on a journei o wis e another rega ere ruler of one of the small kangdoms or states of which mardant andiaol s formly mada
	layer_6: aeturned out that it was a great ad powerful rega going aind stay on arjouniy to is  another rega ore ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which madrant indiao wis formerly mada
	layer_8: ie turned out that it was a great and powerful regah going in state on a journey to istt another rega or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which moden indiao was formerly made up
	layer_10: ie turned out that it was a great and powerful rugia going and state on oau journey to visit another rugia or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern indiao was formerly made up
	layer_12: ie turned out that it was a great and powerful rusgia going and state on ou journey to visit another rugia or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern indiao was formerly made up

file: 8254-115543-0022.flac
expected: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver
	layer_2: first the came of bicg elhant our decrate with sikan goldan siver
	layer_4: first there came a big elephant oul decorated with silken golden' siver
	layer_6: first there came a big elephant al decorated with silk end gold en silver
	layer_8: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver
	layer_10: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silkan gold and silver
	layer_12: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver

file: 8254-115543-0023.flac
expected: on the elephant's back was a howdah which is like a big chair with a canopy over it and in this sitting cross legged was the rajah a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels with a great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_2: on the ellphan sback whit was the howde which es thi ad big chair f the canopy over it and in this sitting crosst light was the rega hav big tat fellow dresd in colords sokxan dewls ad the great dmand sep plumin his turben
	layer_4: on the elethan spack whit was the houde which is tlike a big chair of the canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the ruga ha big fat fellow dressed in colure e suks and dewels the great damon set plum in his turben
	layer_6: on the elephan spack whi was the houder which is like a big chair of the canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rugar ha big fat fellow dressed in coloured siak and jewels the great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_8: on the elephant's back was the howder which is like a big chair it ha canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rudgah a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels the great diamonds set plume in his turban
	layer_10: on the elephant's back was the howder which is like a big chair with a canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rudgar a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels the great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_12: on the elephant's back was the howder which is like a big chair with a canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rudar a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels the great diamond set plume in his turban

file: 8254-115543-0024.flac
expected: behind the howdah stood a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the rajah's head
	layer_2: thehind the howdes that as servan hoding a becam brilloa o fin feathes orver the regas head
	layer_4: behind the how dus that is servan hoding a bigam brella a fone feathers over the radjas head
	layer_6: behind their how dus that a servin hoding a big ambrella a fine feathers over the raja's head
	layer_8: behind the howdest tatd a servant holding a big umbrella af fine feathers over the raja's head
	layer_10: behind the howdosk toid a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the raja's head
	layer_12: behind the howdosk toid a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the rajah's head

file: 8254-115543-0025.flac
expected: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast by prodding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or goad
	layer_2: the draver sat on the nect of the elepant and guided the big beas hatp e prowding her a one side hor the other wit than iro shod stick or gold
	layer_4: the dri wer sat on the neck of the elephant andguided the big beast that e prouding her man one side or the other with an iron shod  stick or gold
	layer_6: ne dri were sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that byprouding him m on one side or the other with an iron shrod stick or gold
	layer_8: ne drier sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beasts that be prouding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or gold
	layer_10: nhe driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that be prouding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or gold
	layer_12: nhe driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that be prouding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or gold

file: 8254-115543-0026.flac
expected: isn't it fine to ride like that on a big elephant
	layer_2: is an it fine to rilio down of big elopant
	layer_4: is an it fine to riolic downd a big elephant
	layer_6: isn't it fine to rilac dow n a big elephant
	layer_8: isn't it fine to rele a down a big elephant
	layer_10: isn't it fine to rale a don a big elephant
	layer_12: isn't it fine to rale a don a big elephant

file: 8254-115543-0027.flac
expected: and all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great rajah and his escort
	layer_2: n athe ess of the day tha little folc tolked of nothing with e greet ar jinus escot
	layer_4: an atheress of the day tha little folk talked of nothing with he great wer jynas esct
	layer_6: an althe ress of the day the little folk talked of nothing buth the great were jionas escote
	layer_8: and all the ress of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the greatergin is escort
	layer_10: and all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great ragiana's escort
	layer_12: and all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great ragiana's escort

file: 8254-115543-0028.flac
expected: our party came to a halt among many other bullock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at the little booths
	layer_2: ar party came to a hot a mo many other belock carts the onrs o which oready sitting around on the ground cuoking te suppers a bargenning forfoet a ha little booth
	layer_4: or party cime tro a holt a mo many other beloc a carts the owners of which yoe alreadys sitting around on the ground cooking the suppers or barganning for food at the little booth
	layer_6: our party came through a hot a mo many other bulock carts the owners of which we ealready sitting around on the ground cooking theire suppers or bargaining for foot at tha little booth
	layer_8: our party came through a hat a mo many other buloc carts the owners of which we already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at a little booth
	layer_10: our party came through a halt among many other bulock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at ta little booth
	layer_12: our party came through a halt among many other bulock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at tha little booth

file: 8254-115543-0029.flac
expected: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sorts of puddings and sweets
	layer_2: these they used for plats he pbeng them upwith heir bord rice and cury and sfish and oskstows of puttings hen seets
	layer_4: these they used for plates heping them up with their boled rice and courry and fish and alre soce of putdings and sweets
	layer_6: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and coury and fish and ou sors of puddings and sweets
	layer_8: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sourts of pudtings and sweets
	layer_10: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sorts of pudtings and sweets
	layer_12: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sorts of puddings and sweets

file: 8254-115543-0030.flac
expected: as supper was being eaten another party stopped at the parao and camped not far away
	layer_2: a supprl was beeng etin ulother party stopp af the paro and capt to no far a wit
	layer_4: a suppera was been neetin alother parrty stopped at the paral and capedtenot ar awik
	layer_6: a supper was beg neaton another party stopped at the paral and camped noh far awak
	layer_8: a supper was being eaten another party stopped at the parral encamped not far awak
	layer_10: a supper was being eaten another party stopped at the parral encamped not far away
	layer_12: a supper was being eaten another party stopped at the parral encamped not far away

file: 8254-115543-0031.flac
expected: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haughty
	layer_2: when the liter was pet down heyumn boyc eteppd d oubt wic kinmg rry prowd and hoalty
	layer_4: when the litter was put down he yon boy stepped oubt bwiking marry proud and halty
	layer_6: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out boking vary oud and halty
	layer_8: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out bloking very proud and halty
	layer_10: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haulty
	layer_12: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haulty

file: 8254-115543-0032.flac
expected: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep every one at a distance
	layer_2: hads serance i wene spre d a handsand rug n the gand for him to sito i rushed about waiting a him toa king good care to keep everyone unt ad jistan
	layer_4: has surancs i ence spread a handsom rugg in the grond for him to sit a i rushed about waiting ol him toaking good care to keep everyone unt ad justantce
	layer_6: as servants i once sprad a handsome rug an the ground for him to sit on i rushed about waiting o him taking good care to keep every one ant a justance
	layer_8: is servants i once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on i rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep every one at addistanee
	layer_10: as servants i once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on i rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep every one at a distancee
	layer_12: has servants a once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on i rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep every one at a distancee

file: 8254-115543-0033.flac
expected: yes and how he orders every one about him
	layer_2: yes an shal he olrdrs every one about him
	layer_4: yesan't shall he orders every one about him
	layer_6: yes and hall he orders every one about him
	layer_8: yes and how he orders every one about him
	layer_10: yes and how he orders every one about him
	layer_12: yes and how he orders every one about him

file: 8254-115543-0034.flac
expected: around the little brahmin's neck was a thin cord or thread which was the sign of his high caste
	layer_2: aroande little bromonsin netck oas a thin corderf driad which was ha sign of his high cast
	layer_4: around te little bromin'sneck oas a thin corter driad which is tha sign of his high cast
	layer_6: aroud the little browmin s neck ofs a thin quarter dred which is he sign of his high cast
	layer_8: around the little brawman's neck ofs a thin quarter dhread which is ha sign of his high cast
	layer_10: around the little braman's neck is a thin quarter dhread which is the sign of his high cast
	layer_12: around the little braman's neck is a thin quarter thread which is the sign of his high cast

file: 8254-115543-0035.flac
expected: meanwhile the haughty little brahmin ate his supper with his head turned away so no one could see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_2: meanwhile the hoty litte bramon ai his supper hen t is head turned away so nolonc as see hm eat and then gring tired of respecful glances of the crowd around him he cot unterhis litter again and the serans fathine the curtince titely around im
	layer_4: meanwhile the holty little bramin a his supperm when this head turned away so no lunchasy him eat and then growing tired of respecful glances of the crowd around him he got enter his e litter again and the surran's fast ened the curtaence tigtly around him
	layer_6: meanwhile the haulty little bramon ae his supper when this head turned away so no lunchusy him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he gaot into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_8: meanwhile the halty little bramon ate his supper when his head turned away sow nolonca see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_10: meanwhile the haulty little braman ate his supper when this head turned away saw no luncoul see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_12: meanwhile the hauty little brahman ate his supper when his head turned away saw no luncul see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him

file: 8254-115543-0036.flac
expected: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drum most of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_2: arybody sep saounly and spiterf the fact that one of the surmnce was beating a dromus of the night which they rilly believed wis the way to keepafh evil spirids
	layer_4: av erybody sept soundly and spite of the fact that one of the sermants was beating a dramus of the night which they reully believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_6: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servonts was beating a drum mosst of the night which they really believed wis e way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_8: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beathing a drum most of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_10: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drummost of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_12: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drummost of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits

file: 8254-115543-0037.flac
expected: oh the thieves he cried
	layer_2: o the these hecried
	layer_4: o the these he cried
	layer_6: oh the these he cried
	layer_8: oh the thies he cried
	layer_10: oh the thies he cried
	layer_12: oh the thies he cried

file: 8254-115543-0038.flac
expected: they are as bad as the beggars
	layer_2: there spad as the bakers
	layer_4: there ws badtes the bakers
	layer_6: there os bad as the bekers
	layer_8: they'r as bad as the bagkers
	layer_10: thy're as bad as the beggars
	layer_12: they're as bad as the beggars

file: 8254-115543-0039.flac
expected: what art thou guarding so carefully shriya asked her brother
	layer_2: whl ar though garding so carefully shea asked ther brether
	layer_4: well are though garding so carefully shea asked her brother
	layer_6: well art though guarding so carefully she ya asked her brother
	layer_8: weill art thouh garding so carefully she y asked her brother
	layer_10: will art thou guarding so carefully she yo asked her brother
	layer_12: will art thou guarding so carefully she yo asked her brother

file: 8254-115543-0040.flac
expected: he and chola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_2: he an cold o were walking be sai the waken for a tchange
	layer_4: he und cola were walking be said the regon for ha change
	layer_6: he an cola were walking besaide the regon for her change
	layer_8: he and cohla were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_10: he and cola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_12: he and cola were walking beside the wagon for a change

file: 8254-115543-0041.flac
expected: the lattices were raised so shriya and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_2: the lat ises rised sche andr mother and aunt could enjoye the fesh air
	layer_4: the ladeses werised socshe and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_6: the latices were ized sochia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_8: the lattices wer rized souchia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_10: the lattices werrised sochi and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_12: the lattices werrised sochia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air

file: 8254-115543-0042.flac
expected: they are my dolls said the little girl sadly as she patted the bundle beside her
	layer_2: there my dows aid the litte girl sadly a she pad de the bundeo be sider
	layer_4: there my dall said the littlegirl sandly as she patdter te bunder beside her
	layer_6: there my doll said the little girl soundly as she patted the bunde beside her
	layer_8: there my dolls said the little girl soundly as she patted the bundel beside her
	layer_10: there my dolls said the little girl soundly as she patted the bundle beside her
	layer_12: there my dolls said the little girl soundly as she patted the bundle beside her

file: 8254-115543-0043.flac
expected: i take them as an offering to the holy river poor little woman
	layer_2: i teade them wuth an offering to the whole y rover poor little woman
	layer_4: i tat them with an offering to the holey rover poor little woman
	layer_6: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_8: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_10: i teate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_12: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman

file: 8254-115543-0044.flac
expected: must thou sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_2: must thosacrifise thyg towis to
	layer_4: must tho tacrifised thy toys to
	layer_6: must thoh sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_8: must thou sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_10: must thou sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_12: must thou sacrifice thy toys too

file: 8254-115543-0045.flac
expected: smiled her uncle as he patted her head
	layer_2: smalder uncle ashe paded her head
	layer_4: smalder uncle asie patted her head
	layer_6: smalder uncle as he patted her head
	layer_8: smalter uncle as he patted her head
	layer_10: smalder uncle as he patted her head
	layer_12: smalder uncle as he patted her head

file: 8254-84205-0000.flac
expected: chapter forty nine griggs is stubborn
	layer_2: chapter fourty nine grigs istupen
	layer_4: chapter forty nine grigs is stupon
	layer_6: chapter forty nine griks is stuppen
	layer_8: chapter forty nine griggs is stutpon
	layer_10: chapter forty nine griggs is stuppon
	layer_12: chapter forty nine griggs is stuppon

file: 8254-84205-0001.flac
expected: the days glided by with the stiffness in chris lee's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_2: the days glided by with the stifness in chrispased tems griowing lus painful and the pony recovering fast for the clera mountinairs seem to act ie a cur for wounds
	layer_4: the days glided by bwth the stiffness and chrispese limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the cleara mountainair seemed to actlike a cure for wounds
	layer_6: the days glided by with the stiffness and chrisby'se limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountainairs seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_8: the days glided by with the stiffness in crispe's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_10: the days glided by with the stiffness in crispie's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_12: the days glided by with the stiffness in crispie's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds

file: 8254-84205-0002.flac
expected: every day that came showed the injured animal in better condition
	layer_2: every day they came showt the indred animal inbetter condition
	layer_4: every day the came showed the indured animal im better condition
	layer_6: every day thet came showed the injured animal an better condition
	layer_8: every day the came showed the injured animal an better condition
	layer_10: every day the came showed the injured animal in better condition
	layer_12: every day the came showed the injured animal in better condition

file: 8254-84205-0003.flac
expected: its efforts to move no longer made chris wince and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mustang suffer
	layer_2: ats effors tomove nalonger made christivents an frget his own pains an thouse he felt at seeing the musting suffer
	layer_4: ats effors to moven a longermade chrisiens and forget his own pains in those he felt at seing the musting suffer
	layer_6: ats effort to move n a longer made chrisoins and forget his own pings in those he felt at seeing the mustain supper
	layer_8: its efforts to move no longer made chrisuins and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mustain supfer
	layer_10: its efforts to move no longer made chrysuins and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mustain supper
	layer_12: its efforts to move no longer made chrysuins and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mustaing supper

file: 8254-84205-0004.flac
expected: every one was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_2: everyou lone wors buzy for the keeping watch regglary took up a good dea o of time
	layer_4: every one wa's busy for the keeping watch reglarly took up a good deal of time
	layer_6: everyone was busy for the keeping watch reglarly took up a good deal of time
	layer_8: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_10: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_12: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time

file: 8254-84205-0005.flac
expected: it's all nonsense ned cried chris for them to think they are staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening
	layer_2: it's ar nonsene nead cridcress for them to thintha their staing on a count of us who lo grigke where you lisenning
	layer_4: it's ar nonsense ned cried cris for them to thinkthat their staing on a count of us who loh grigs where you listening
	layer_6: it's ou nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that their staying on account of us holo griggs were you listening
	layer_8: it's our nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they're staying on account of us hollo griggs were you listening
	layer_10: it's our nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they're staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening
	layer_12: it's our nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they're staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening

file: 8254-84205-0006.flac
expected: how did your pony go this morning splendid
	layer_2: how did your ponycgir thiss morning splended
	layer_4: how did your ponigo lis morning splendid
	layer_6: how did your ponygo this morning splendid
	layer_8: how did your pony go this morning splendid
	layer_10: how did your pony go this morning splendid
	layer_12: how did your pony go this morning splendid

file: 8254-84205-0007.flac
expected: just halted a little on the bad leg but it's better than it was yesterday
	layer_2: jas harte a litt on the ba leg but his bitte than a was yestedy
	layer_4: jus hartte ta littlre on the ba leg but is better than i was yestidy
	layer_6: just heart e a little on the ba leg but is better than it was yesterdy
	layer_8: just harted a little on the bare leg but is better than it was yesterday
	layer_10: jus hart it a little on the bare leg but is better than it was yesterday
	layer_12: jus heart it a little on the bare leg but is better than it was yesterday

file: 8254-84205-0008.flac
expected: did you canter this morning canter
	layer_2: te dyoe canther this morney canter
	layer_4: did you canter this morny canter
	layer_6: did you canter this morning cant er
	layer_8: did you caunter this morning canter
	layer_10: did you counter this morning canter
	layer_12: did you counter this morning canter

file: 8254-84205-0009.flac
expected: we went at a good swinging gallop and what about you
	layer_2: we wat ad a got treeing gallop and what o beout you
	layer_4: we want ad a gos treein gallop and what about you
	layer_6: we went at a git tren gallop and what about you
	layer_8: we went at a gidstreng gallop and what about you
	layer_10: we went at a gitstreing gallop and what about you
	layer_12: we went at a gittrwieing gallop and what about you

file: 8254-84205-0010.flac
expected: oh i'm only a little stiff still
	layer_2: oh i monly litte stif sti
	layer_4: oh a monla little stirf still
	layer_6: oh i'm only little stiff still
	layer_8: oh i am only a little stiff still
	layer_10: oh i am only a little stiff still
	layer_12: oh i am only a little stiff still

file: 8254-84205-0011.flac
expected: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in and out among the mountains
	layer_2: we shoall get stron wore quickly gourning orver the plaints or clomyn in anou am on the mountaincs
	layer_4: we shell get strong more quickly journing over the plants or climyn in anot am on the mountains
	layer_6: we shal get strong more quickly journing over the plains or climbing in an olt among the mountains
	layer_8: we shall get strong more quickly journying over the plains or climbing in an al among the mountains
	layer_10: we shall get strong more quickly journying over the plains or climbing in an out among the mountains
	layer_12: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in an olt among the mountains

file: 8254-84205-0012.flac
expected: he says we're to start to morrow at daybreak
	layer_2: he says were d sterc to morol at dabrike
	layer_4: he says were disturt to morral at daybrick
	layer_6: he says were to start to morel at dabrik
	layer_8: he says we'e to start to morrewl at dabreik
	layer_10: he says we're to start to morrel at daybreak
	layer_12: he says we're to start to morrel at daybreak

file: 8254-84205-0013.flac
expected: hurrah cried chris
	layer_2: hr cedciess
	layer_4: hra crdkis
	layer_6: ra cried ciss
	layer_8: ura cried cass
	layer_10: hurrah cried ciss
	layer_12: hurrah cried ciss

file: 8254-84205-0014.flac
expected: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_2: but we shatd my lad wmhy not
	layer_4: but we shant my lad why not
	layer_6: but we shant my lad why not
	layer_8: but we sha'n't my lad why not
	layer_10: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_12: but we sha'n't my lad why not

file: 8254-84205-0015.flac
expected: because i've seen indians again
	layer_2: becaceats theen indians again
	layer_4: becaseuts then indianse again
	layer_6: becausotsthen indianse again
	layer_8: becausauv's seen indians again
	layer_10: becaus i'ves seen indians again
	layer_12: becaus a'ves seen indians again

file: 8254-84205-0016.flac
expected: oh you're always seeing indians again
	layer_2: your all ys seeng indans again
	layer_4: oh youre all is seing indiancs again
	layer_6: oh you're all wis sing indians again
	layer_8: oh youre all was seeing indians again
	layer_10: oh you're allays seeing indians again
	layer_12: oh you're allways seeing indians again

file: 8254-84205-0017.flac
expected: well they showed themselves to me i didn't want them said griggs dryly
	layer_2: while the showe them fels to me i dan't watd them sicgrix strily
	layer_4: whele they show them fils to me i dn't wat them sicruik straley
	layer_6: well theys show them fills to me i don't want them sic rik stryly
	layer_8: well they's show themsills to me i don't want them sicruichs stryly
	layer_10: well theys show themshiles to me i don't want them sic rux sdryly
	layer_12: well theys show themshiles to me i don't want them sic rux dryly

file: 8254-84205-0018.flac
expected: they're an artful lot never been away at all i believe
	layer_2: dhn artfulloht and ere beeng away ait o i beliese
	layer_4: theren artful lot ed weu'd been away it all i beliece
	layer_6: the're an artful lot nevderd been away at all i believe
	layer_8: they're an artful lot never being away at all i believe
	layer_10: they're an artful lot never being away at all i believe
	layer_12: they're an artful lot never bein away at all i believe

file: 8254-84205-0019.flac
expected: we couldn't see em but if we'd made a start they'd have been close upon our heels directly
	layer_2: wecouldn't seem but fe mede o start they had beeng close upon ar he as drecktly
	layer_4: we couldn't see m boh fre med a starte they had been close upon a heeas direcktly
	layer_6: we couldn't see him bu eu me ti start they had been close upon her heels directly
	layer_8: we couldn't see him boh if oeu me to start they had been close upon our heels directly
	layer_10: we couldn't see him but if yo meed a start they had been close upon our heels directly
	layer_12: we couldn't see him but if yo meed a start they had been close upon our heels directly

file: 8254-84205-0020.flac
expected: ah you'll have to trap them chris said ned maliciously
	layer_2: ah you had o thapinm crs aind tend miliciously
	layer_4: ah you had o trapthemcurs said en miliciously
	layer_6: ah you have to trap them a crs said and maliciously
	layer_8: ah you have to trap them chrs said nanne maliciously
	layer_10: ah you have to trap them crs said nann maliciously
	layer_12: ah you have to trap them curs said nann maliciously

file: 8254-84205-0021.flac
expected: look here if you say that again we shall quarrel hear that griggs
	layer_2: look ur f he sat  again we shal quaire he re at grigs
	layer_4: look hereit he sai ut again we shall quirel here that griggs
	layer_6: look here if hes sad out again we shall querel here that griggs
	layer_8: look here i hes sad out again we shall quarel hear that griggs
	layer_10: look here he' sate ot again we shall quarrel hear that griggs
	layer_12: look here i he sat out again we shall quarrel hear that griggs

file: 8254-84205-0022.flac
expected: oh yes i hear serve you right
	layer_2: ohl yes i heare serf you wright
	layer_4: oh yes i hear serfe right
	layer_6: oh yes i hear serfy right
	layer_8: oh yes i hear serfy wright
	layer_10: oh yes i hear servf yu right
	layer_12: oh yes i hear serv you wright

file: 8254-84205-0023.flac
expected: if you can't show us a better way you had better hold your tongue
	layer_2: is he can' tsholl as a betaway had better holdrd tong
	layer_4: itf he can't sho as a bett awayyo had better hold her tongue
	layer_6: if he can't show as ta bette way you had better hold her tongue
	layer_8: if he can't show us e betar way you had better hold her tongue
	layer_10: if he can't show us a better way you had better hold her tongue
	layer_12: if he can't show us a better way you had better hold her tongue

file: 8254-84205-0024.flac
expected: very well i can do that said ned haughtily
	layer_2: bery well i can do that sae nedt hartily
	layer_4: bery well i can do that said ned hortily
	layer_6: bery well i can do that said ned hotily
	layer_8: very well i can do that said ned hogtily
	layer_10: very well i can do that said ned haughtily
	layer_12: very well i can do that said ned haughtily

file: 8254-84205-0025.flac
expected: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_2: theyr that's enough crred cress on'l be sol petyg ed
	layer_4: they ae that's enough cried chris don't be so petti ned
	layer_6: they are that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_8: theyare that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_10: the are that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_12: they are that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned

file: 8254-84205-0026.flac
expected: that's right cried griggs
	layer_2: that sright cad ges
	layer_4: tha's right cud goos
	layer_6: that's right cutgoots
	layer_8: that's right cut goots
	layer_10: that's right cut goots
	layer_12: that's right cut goots

file: 8254-84205-0027.flac
expected: look here lads i've just been trying that place again
	layer_2: look eure laes of jrustpbeing thrying that place again
	layer_4: look yiur lad of just bing trying that place again
	layer_6: look er lads of justping trying that place again
	layer_8: look her lads of drispbing trying that place again
	layer_10: look here lads of dris bing trying that place again
	layer_12: look here lads of dris bing trying that place again

file: 8254-84205-0028.flac
expected: any time the doctor likes
	layer_2: andhe teme thet doc to likes
	layer_4: ane timed the doctor likes
	layer_6: any time the doctor likes
	layer_8: any time the doctor likes
	layer_10: any time the doctor likes
	layer_12: any time the doctor likes

file: 8254-84205-0029.flac
expected: being shot at by fellows with bows and arrows sounds bad enough but there's not much risk here
	layer_2: ben shot ap bi felofe oe bothan airow sound's bad enugh but is no muct riscere
	layer_4: being shot ap y fellows the both an airow sound's bed enough but thoe's not much a riskire
	layer_6: being shot at hy fellows with both an arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much a risk ore
	layer_8: being shot at ty fellows with both and arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much risk yer
	layer_10: being shot at by fellows with bowhand arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much risk her
	layer_12: being shot at by fellows with bowsand arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much risk her

file: 8254-84205-0030.flac
expected: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_2: i don't kno about that si chriss ancxiously
	layer_4: i don't know about that sichris anxiously
	layer_6: i don't know about that sachris anxiously
	layer_8: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_10: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_12: i don't know about that said chris anxiously

file: 8254-84205-0031.flac
expected: don't you well i do
	layer_2: don't you whill ido
	layer_4: don't you w'll i do
	layer_6: don't you well i do
	layer_8: don't you well i do
	layer_10: don't you well i do
	layer_12: don't you well i do

file: 8254-84205-0032.flac
expected: i should be running fast and dodging in and out among the rocks and trees
	layer_2: i should beu runing fast and darging in ane amon the rock hand chees
	layer_4: i should be running fast and darging in anot amon the rocks an chees
	layer_6: i should be running fast and darging in an out among the rocks and creese
	layer_8: i should be running fast and darging in and ou among the rocks and chrees
	layer_10: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and trees
	layer_12: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and trees

file: 8254-84205-0033.flac
expected: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_2: buthe enyby wonl be stanning stil coultinude grigs
	layer_4: but the enebe o won't be staning stil continued grugs
	layer_6: but the eneby n won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_8: but the enemy  won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_10: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_12: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs

file: 8254-84205-0034.flac
expected: i don't believe there's a bit of risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_2: an't believe this bitteresk for me i shall be oried
	layer_4: andt believe thei's a bitte risk for me i shall be al rid
	layer_6: ant believe thei's a bit o risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_8: aundt believe there's a bit a risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_10: ant believe there's a bit o risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_12: ant believe there's a bit o risk for me i shall be all right

file: 8254-84205-0035.flac
expected: but our animals will be well back in that hollow said chris
	layer_2: but it ana mias wol be welle back in theait whole sichres
	layer_4: but it anamise will be well back in thait whole sidchros
	layer_6: but at anamls will be well back in that whole said chris
	layer_8: but at animals will be well back in that hole said chris
	layer_10: but at animals will be well back in that hole said chris
	layer_12: but at animals will be well back in that hole said chris

file: 8254-84205-0036.flac
expected: yes my lad but i want them to be planted farther back still
	layer_2: yes my lad but i want them to be plinted fordthe back sfill
	layer_4: yes milad but i want them to be plinted forthe back fill
	layer_6: yes mylad but i want them to be planted for ther back fill
	layer_8: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for ther backsfil
	layer_10: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for their back'spil
	layer_12: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for their back'sphill

file: 8254-84205-0037.flac
expected: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_2: and hae fraid fathere was sayteaf the ponis ought to be close at hand
	layer_4: and afraid father was say that the poniy's ought to be close that hand
	layer_6: amd afraid father was say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_8: am afraid father wil say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_10: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_12: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand

file: 8254-84205-0038.flac
expected: yes that's right if it can be done but it would go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bait of the trap and turned upon those who set it
	layer_2: yes that sright if ha can be done but li'll go hardro thus all f the indianskve up the ba of the crap and turne upon those who seid it
	layer_4: yes that tright if it can be done but i 'll go hard o us all of the indians gave up the ba of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_6: yes that tright if it can be done but i w'll go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bayt of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_8: yes that's right if it can be done but itwill go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bate of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_10: yes that's right if it can be done but it will go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bat of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_12: yes that's right if it can be done but it will go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bat of the trap and turned upon those who said it

file: 8254-84205-0039.flac
expected: well you must talk it over with father said chris
	layer_2: whell you must tuket a ruith father sicrus
	layer_4: whele you must thalk it a rou th father sicris
	layer_6: well you must talk it a ruwith fathern sicris
	layer_8: well you must talk it arue with father  sicrus
	layer_10: well you must talk it arue with father cicris
	layer_12: well you must talk it arue with father cicris

file: 8254-84205-0040.flac
expected: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_2: to man yo wretskins habout as i toldyou
	layer_4: to many wretskins about as i told you
	layer_6: to many ratskins about as i told you
	layer_8: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_10: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_12: too many redskins about as i told you

file: 8254-84205-0041.flac
expected: there are always too many redskins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_2: there alwas to many read scinds about criredchrisnmpitiently
	layer_4: there always to many red skins about cried christimpitiently
	layer_6: they're always to many red skins about cried christempatiently
	layer_8: ther're always too many redg skins about cried chris im patiently
	layer_10: they're always too many red skins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_12: they're always too many red skins about cried chris impatiently

file: 8254-84205-0042.flac
expected: i wish we could charge them boldly and send them flying over the plains
	layer_2: wis ho could chared them boliasend them flying overh he plains
	layer_4: i wis shu could charges them bolias sind them flying over the plans
	layer_6: a wish hu could charge them bolia send them flying over the plans
	layer_8: i wish e could charge them bolias send tem flying over the plains
	layer_10: i wish ye could charge them bolia send them flying over the plains
	layer_12: i wish ye could charge them bolia send them flying over the plains

file: 8254-84205-0043.flac
expected: never to come back again said ned sharply
	layer_2: no ry to come back agai said dhen sharpy
	layer_4: never to come back again said nean sharbly
	layer_6: never to come back again said denh sharply
	layer_8: never to come back again said nence sharply
	layer_10: never to come back again said nen sharply
	layer_12: never to come back again said nen sharply

file: 8254-84205-0044.flac
expected: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very ticklish game
	layer_2: not quite mylads don to se that wre playng af r retick lish gineg
	layer_4: not quite my lads don't yo see that were plaing of e rytook lesh gaing
	layer_6: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing of veryticklesh gam
	layer_8: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing af evry ticklish game
	layer_10: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing of vevery ticklush game
	layer_12: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing of every ticklush game

file: 8254-84205-0045.flac
expected: just then the doctor came into the shelter where the boys had been talking bringing with him wilton who had been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and means
	layer_2: trest then the doctr came  to the showder wit he boyce hav eing talking bring with an waton holabin shooding orather tringd to shoot for h had had no sescess andthey to were talking eornest ly ofbhaut ways ad s
	layer_4: dtrise then the doctr cae i to the shouder with the boys hav bing talking bring with them waten who havebin shooting oratherd trying to shoot for he had had no sucsess and they too were talking earnesstly about ways and mes
	layer_6: dresst then the doctor came into the sheuer with a boys have beeng talking bring with hem worton who hae ben shooting or ather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about waigs and kease
	layer_8: just then the doctor came into the sheuter whirh the boys have been talking bring with them wharton who have been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and kease
	layer_10: just then the doctor came into the sheulter where the boys hade been talking bring with him wharton who hade been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and meese
	layer_12: just then the doctor came into the sheuter where the boys had been talking bring with him wharton who had been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and nease

file: 8254-84205-0046.flac
expected: oh here you are griggs cried the doctor
	layer_2: oh her youor grigs prered the doctor
	layer_4: oh hea yoark grigs cree the doctor
	layer_6: oh her y ark brigs creied the doctor
	layer_8: oh here y ark briggs cried the doctor
	layer_10: oh here ye arke briggs cried the doctor
	layer_12: oh here ye arke briggs cried the doctor

file: 8254-84205-0047.flac
expected: had a good turn at scouting yes sir
	layer_2: had a good ton escauting yes sir
	layer_4: had a god tonasgoutin yes sir
	layer_6: had a good torn a scoutdy yes sir
	layer_8: had a good turn o scouty yes sir
	layer_10: had a good turn of scoutyng yes sir
	layer_12: had a good turn o scoutyng yes sir

file: 8254-84205-0048.flac
expected: the indians have shifted their quarters and they're in about as awkward a position as they could contrive for our purpose
	layer_2: the indiaens have shpte theccorters and theri in thebout as a crt a possition as lhey could contrie au ae purpes
	layer_4: the indians have shipte the quarters and there ie in thabout us oqrt a position as le could contrive ouer purpose
	layer_6: the indians have shippedted their quarters and there in the bout us ilcurd a position as he could contrivefour purpose
	layer_8: the indians have shifted their quarters and they re in the bo us elkwured a position as they could contrive forour purpose
	layer_10: the indians have shifted their quarters and they are in the balus eqkward a position as whe could contrive for our purpose
	layer_12: the indians have shifted their quarters and they are in the bawus ekward a position as whe could contrive for our purpose

file: 8254-84205-0049.flac
expected: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_2: e must get away from hea to some good hunting ground
	layer_4: we must get away from her to some good hunting ground
	layer_6: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_8: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_10: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_12: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground

file: 8254-84205-0050.flac
expected: do the indians seem to be camping or only on the move
	layer_2: to toe indi sing o be camthing or ony on the moes
	layer_4: to the indian sin to be camping or only on the moves
	layer_6: to the indian ting to be capping or only on the move
	layer_8: to the indian thing to be capping or only on the move
	layer_10: to the indian thing to be camping or only on the move
	layer_12: to the indian thing to be camping or only on the move

file: 8254-84205-0051.flac
expected: they seem to me to be hatching up some dodge or another replied griggs
	layer_2: thes seemed to med to be hatn op som  dargere another in pli grigs
	layer_4: thi seemed to mee to be hatcting up som o darger another anreplied grigs
	layer_6: this seemed to me to be hatching up someof dardger another andreplied griggs
	layer_8: this seemed to me to be hatching up some darg or another n replied griggs
	layer_10: this seemed to me to be hatching up some dardge or another replied griggs
	layer_12: this seemed to me to be hatching up some darge or another replied griggs

file: 8254-84205-0052.flac
expected: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deep in thought
	layer_2: then he began towolk up and downs foully evoildentelye deep en thought
	layer_4: then he began to walk up and dowce folly evidently deep ind thought
	layer_6: then he began to walk up and downce fully evidently deep in thought
	layer_8: then he began to walk up and downcefully evidently deep in thought
	layer_10: then he began to walk up and downcelolly evidently deep in thought
	layer_12: then he began to walk up and downesfully evidently deep in thought

file: 8254-84205-0053.flac
expected: there he said i've made up my mind
	layer_2: there he said ias made uf ly mind
	layer_4: there he said as madeof hy mind
	layer_6: there he said as made of thy mind
	layer_8: there he said as made of thy mind
	layer_10: there he said as made of thy mind
	layer_12: there he said as made of thy mind

file: 8254-84205-0054.flac
expected: it is very evident that we may wait here till our stores are exhausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek as ever
	layer_2: it is mery evident that we ma wiait her thor sthoras ikxoshbed and be as far ofthouh prtunidy we sycaseevern
	layer_4: it is mary evident that we may wit here cho ur storeas aeosbet and be as far off theour prtunidy we seec as evern
	layer_6: it is mary evident that we may wait here to uour store as a eastid and be as far off theirurp portunity we seek us everan
	layer_8: it is mery evident that we may wait here to our store as ar exaustid and be as far off the opportunity we seek us evern
	layer_10: it is mery evident that we may wait here tol our store as are exausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek asevern
	layer_12: it is mery evident that we may wait here tol our store as are exausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek as evern

file: 8254-84205-0055.flac
expected: the indians can wait we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_2: the in ias kelliet we cannot and theseehyng to kowit
	layer_4: the indians kill wat we cannot and they seen to know it
	layer_6: the indians killwat we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_8: the indians killwete we cannot and they seeme to know it
	layer_10: the indians kiweate we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_12: the indians kilweate we cannot and they seem to know it

file: 8254-84205-0056.flac
expected: going to give up young chris's plan said griggs slowly
	layer_2: ghoin to give up youngprices plind sit pyex s plobly
	layer_4: going to give up young pris's plane sit pek splowly
	layer_6: going to give up young phriss's plan sit be explowly
	layer_8: going to give up young chriss's plan said peyrex lowly
	layer_10: going to give up young chriss's plan said purk slowly
	layer_12: going to give up young chriss's plan said puark slowly

file: 8254-84205-0057.flac
expected: no i'm going to put it in force at once we start to night
	layer_2: no a'm goint do put t n force ou once we stot to knight
	layer_4: no i'm going to put it nforce aut once we stot to night
	layer_6: no i 'm going to put it indforce out once we stoate to night
	layer_8: no i'm going to put i in force out once we start to night
	layer_10: no i'm going to put it in force out once we start to night
	layer_12: no i'm going to put it in force out once we start to night

file: 8254-84205-0058.flac
expected: but all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_2: the a ther samd we conbe making u phreparitions
	layer_4: bu au the same we can be naking up preparations
	layer_6: but all the same we can be making u preparations
	layer_8: but all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_10: for all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_12: for all the same we can be making our preparations

file: 8254-84205-0059.flac
expected: the barrels can be filled with water and every one's bottle
	layer_2: the barews camme fouo tod wladter and everyone's boti
	layer_4: the barels can be fordod wahter and everyones bottl
	layer_6: the barrels can be fodod water and every one'sbottle
	layer_8: the barrels can be forded water and everyone's bottle
	layer_10: the barrels can be foaded water and everyone's bottle
	layer_12: the barrels can be floaded water and everyone's bottle

file: 8254-84205-0060.flac
expected: provisions can be packed in our wallets in fact everything held ready for a start
	layer_2: politions canbe pac t ion ou wal its aed fact everythin helw ready fore start
	layer_4: peolitions can be pactin o wallits a fat everything hel ready for  start
	layer_6: prolisions can be packed ino wallets hi fat everything halready for ha start
	layer_8: previsions can be packed in o wallets an fact everything hell ready for a start
	layer_10: provlisions can be packed in or wallets in fact everything hew ready for a start
	layer_12: provisions can be packed in our wallets in fact everything hel ready for a start

file: 8254-84205-0061.flac
expected: finally just at dusk the animals can be driven in for food and water and
	layer_2: finarly justet thus the aamust canbeedrividence werfuder water and
	layer_4: finally justs apt thufk the anmus can be drividence were fothern water and
	layer_6: finally just at thuf the animoas can be drividence ere footern water and
	layer_8: finally just at tusk the animals can be driven in fwith food and water and
	layer_10: finally just at thus the animals can be driven in with food and water and
	layer_12: finally just at thusk the animals can be driven in with food and water and

file: 8254-84205-0062.flac
expected: exactly replied the doctor
	layer_2: excactl re plid the doctr
	layer_4: exactles replae the doctr
	layer_6: exactles replied the doctor
	layer_8: exactlys replied the doctor
	layer_10: exactly replied the doctor
	layer_12: exactly replied the doctor

file: 8254-84205-0063.flac
expected: but before any more is said griggs i want to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_2: but befor any mor e sacggs i' aht to offereyo ther opportunity yo drab ack
	layer_4: but before any more e set gigs iw waght to offer yo the opportunity to draw ack
	layer_6: but before any more esei gigs i auht to offer you ther opportunity to draw back
	layer_8: but before any more eset griggs il ought to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_10: but before any more estetic griggs i ought to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_12: but before any more estetic griggs i ought to offer you the opportunity to draw back

file: 8254-84205-0064.flac
expected: what for said griggs sharply
	layer_2: wilt four said goov srarpling
	layer_4: weill four said goe shrerpling
	layer_6: whil four said goofe shrerpling
	layer_8: whit four said groof sharplyg
	layer_10: what four said gouf sharply
	layer_12: what four said goufe sharply

file: 8254-84205-0065.flac
expected: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me
	layer_2: not a bit of it sir i'm con to take arethit dont hit meg
	layer_4: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take chare they don't hidene
	layer_6: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take here they don't hiene
	layer_8: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hi nme
	layer_10: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me
	layer_12: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me

file: 8254-84205-0066.flac
expected: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the redskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_2: i wean to dou ae bit to carr yout young prisis plan a shout up the reskins for a we certeor praps i month ill wed get right away
	layer_4: i wen to do a bit to carry ouht young prises plan a shut up the reskins for awekertur perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_6: i wean to do a bit to carry out young chrisse's plan ad shut up the reskins for a weker tu perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_8: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the reskin for a wek or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_10: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the reskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_12: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the wreskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away

file: 8254-84205-0067.flac
expected: there is a horrible side to it griggs
	layer_2: ther is the horibloe sitite giks
	layer_4: there is he horible sytrte grigs
	layer_6: there is a horrible citret bigs
	layer_8: there is a horrible cethret brigs
	layer_10: there is a horrible citret brigs
	layer_12: there is a horrible citaret brigs

file: 8254-84205-0068.flac
expected: would be if we let them get the better of us sir
	layer_2: would be is whe let then giet the betterfus ir
	layer_4: would be as we let then giv the better fose sir
	layer_6: would be if we let them giv the betterofus sir
	layer_8: would be if we let them get the better ofr us sir
	layer_10: would be if we let them get the better or us sir
	layer_12: would be if we let them get the better ofr us sir

file: 8254-84205-0069.flac
expected: you mean the shutting up the enemy here to starve
	layer_2: yoe mand the shutting up the aney here dostars
	layer_4: ye mean the shetting up the ineme her destars
	layer_6: yoe mean the shudding up the enemy here do stars
	layer_8: yoe mean the shudding oup the enemy here di stars
	layer_10: yeu mean the shovding up the enemy here doi stars
	layer_12: yo mean the shoving up the enemy here doi stars

file: 8254-84205-0070.flac
expected: ejaculated griggs so sharply that the boys started serve em right if they did sir
	layer_2: hejak lrda cringts so shoply or the boicetarded sersrem rghe of bhen did sir
	layer_4: be jaklato crigs so sharply thor the boyse tarded syrzam right of bey did sir
	layer_6: te jaculated crigs so sharply thar the boy tarted sesm right afe they did sir
	layer_8: bejaculated crigs so sharply that the boy started sazum right if they did sir
	layer_10: ejacoulated criggs so sharply that the boy started surzum right if they did sir
	layer_12: ejaculated criggs so sharply that the boy started surzum right if they did sir

file: 8254-84205-0071.flac
expected: what business have they to want our scalps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_2: what busas have theye do woner scl wut wetian ia shup the oupt his toe
	layer_4: what businasce have they o onor sculp wut we should it sht them upt o tare
	layer_6: what businss have they do an our skulp what we shouldn't sht them up to starve
	layer_8: what business have they do on our sculps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_10: what business have they do hon our sculps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_12: what business have they do hon our sculps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve

file: 8254-84205-0072.flac
expected: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out in a week
	layer_2: the' hav weks of work be for the could get their horses out thut without horses thi be out enhe wak
	layer_4: theid have weeks of work before thet could get their horses out bhut without horses they py out an a wake
	layer_6: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they be out in a wake
	layer_8: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out ind awake
	layer_10: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out and a wake
	layer_12: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out and a wake

file: 8254-84205-0073.flac
expected: starve nonsense
	layer_2: star non sents
	layer_4: star nonirsense
	layer_6: star note ense
	layer_8: starve nonesent
	layer_10: starve nontescent
	layer_12: starve non pessents

file: 8254-84205-0074.flac
expected: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settled gentlemen
	layer_2: but there i dont wanta mexpeuchnes if shous feadtle gentiman
	layer_4: but there i don't want to m ex speches it's has settle gentiman
	layer_6: but there i don't want to make speeches it's al settle genteman
	layer_8: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settle gentlemen
	layer_10: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settle gentlemen
	layer_12: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settle gentlemen

file: 8254-84205-0075.flac
expected: but you've got to tell the lookout what's coming off
	layer_2: wt  ouse god to te the lookcat withs comen ofh
	layer_4: wi y uve god to tother look at waths comeng off
	layer_6: whiltl ye youve go to tether look out withs coming off
	layer_8: whete y you've got to tether lookot was coming off
	layer_10: what you've got to te the lookat was coming off
	layer_12: what you've got to te the lookaut was coming off

file: 8254-84205-0076.flac
expected: now every one understands that he is to be ready without showing any watchful indian scout that there is something on the way
	layer_2: now eaveryu one understand that he is toul be readye with tout shalle any washed fot n dinscut that ther something on the wayt
	layer_4: now every one understand that he is to be ready without shall any wash fo in dince cout that ther eis something on the ward
	layer_6: now everyone understand that he is to be ready withthaut shall ne any washfol indinsecout that there is something on the waye
	layer_8: now every one understand that he is to be ready with that shallne any washfot and dine sgout that there is something on the way
	layer_10: now everyone understands that he is to be ready with out shalling any washfoot and dane sgout that there is something on the way
	layer_12: now everyone understands that he is to be ready without shawling any washfoot and dande sgout that there is something on the way

file: 4515-11057-0000.flac
expected: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_2: yet so stron was the effect u pon him of contenpliting a large fortin inm that in despite of reason and desre he lived in eage expectation of the od which should my came rich
	layer_4: yet so stron was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortunun that in despite o areason and esir he lived in eage expectation of the wod which should ma cimrich
	layer_6: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortuune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should makekhimrich
	layer_8: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortuune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_10: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortuune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_12: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich

file: 4515-11057-0001.flac
expected: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil
	layer_2: uapart of that imperession was du to fhe engagement which he must nou ful fell
	layer_4: a part of that impression was due eto the engagement which he must nw fulfiel
	layer_6: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfel
	layer_8: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil
	layer_10: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil
	layer_12: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil

file: 4515-11057-0002.flac
expected: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_2: to shulf al out of this uty would mik him to i noible evrn in his on eyes
	layer_4: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too igcnobled even in his own eyes
	layer_6: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignobled even in his own eyes
	layer_8: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_10: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_12: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes

file: 4515-11057-0003.flac
expected: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that raw attachment
	layer_2: because in his sellwed dis ha dallied with a girl whoho had in deed many chose step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrifaicing his prosspicts to that ra attachment
	layer_4: because in his sallid dis ha dalleied with thae girl who had indeed many chas step by step he hrd come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that raw attachment
	layer_6: because in his salu das he dallied with the girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that roaw attachment
	layer_8: because in his salid days he dalliyed with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that roar attachment
	layer_10: because in his salid days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that rar attachment
	layer_12: because in his salid days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that rar attachment

file: 4515-11057-0004.flac
expected: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regent's park
	layer_2: i ible to think of ork he left the houseand wonbed blimlly about ragencs pock
	layer_4: on ible to think of work he left the house and wondered blumirly about rengentspork
	layer_6: unible to think of work he left the house and wandered bloumily about regian'es park
	layer_8: unible to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about ragent's park
	layer_10: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about ragent's bark
	layer_12: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about ragent's bark

file: 4515-11057-0005.flac
expected: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marian who was fate's instrument
	layer_2: he heltd himself ill use d by destiny ad verefor by mowiy who was fights instrmet
	layer_4: he sheled himself ill used by destiny and therefore by moniod ho was fates instrumete
	layer_6: he feld himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marrion who was fate's instrument
	layer_8: he fheldt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marion who was fate's instrument
	layer_10: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marion who was fate's instrument
	layer_12: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marion who was fate's instrument

file: 4515-11057-0006.flac
expected: he wrote to marian
	layer_2: he wroted to mowing him
	layer_4: he roted to mouning him
	layer_6: he wrote to mouting him
	layer_8: he write to mauting him
	layer_10: he write to mautigham
	layer_12: he wrote to mautingham

file: 4515-11057-0007.flac
expected: will you let me hear or come and see me
	layer_2: wheln you let le hear orh comman seeming
	layer_4: whell you letme here or come an seeming
	layer_6: will you let me hea or come and seeming
	layer_8: will you let me hear or come and seeming
	layer_10: will you let me hear or come and seeming
	layer_12: will you let me hear or come and seeming

file: 4515-11057-0008.flac
expected: i scarcely thought of biffen as likely to kill himself
	layer_2: i scarcely thought hade befon his mihkely to kimel himself
	layer_4: i scarcely thought hade biffin has lighktely to kilnl himself
	layer_6: i scarcely thought haf biffen as likely to kinn himself
	layer_8: i scarcely thought of biffen as likely to kinn himself
	layer_10: i scarcely thought of biffin as likely to kinn himself
	layer_12: i scarcely thought of biffin as likely to kin himself

file: 4515-11057-0009.flac
expected: but why the deuce did he go all the way out there
	layer_2: but my that che stid he go al the y i hout thee
	layer_4: but moy the jow stid he go all the way out ther
	layer_6: but woy that jews did he go all the wayr out there
	layer_8: but my the jewce did he go all the way out there
	layer_10: but why the dewcse did he go all the way out there
	layer_12: but why the jewce did he go all the way out there

file: 4515-11057-0010.flac
expected: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_2: i hei  y w ul brema sunnse
	layer_4: i hapet ou woultd brinme sa nese
	layer_6: i hoped you would bring me same news
	layer_8: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_10: i hoped hou would bring me some news
	layer_12: i hoped hou would bring me some news

file: 4515-11057-0011.flac
expected: poverty i can only suppose
	layer_2: pothety yoi cannonely suppise
	layer_4: povhertyyoi can only surpose
	layer_6: povity i can only suppose
	layer_8: poverty i can only suppose
	layer_10: poverty i can only suppose
	layer_12: poverty i can only suppose

file: 4515-11057-0012.flac
expected: but i will see whelpdale i hadn't come across biffen for a long time
	layer_2: but i will see wek dowe i hadn't come across biffen for alon time
	layer_4: but i will see welt dow i hadn't come acros biffen for a long time
	layer_6: but i will see welt dow i hadn't come across biffen for a long time
	layer_8: but i will see welp dal i hadn't come across biffon for a long time
	layer_10: but i will see wheltdawl i hadn't come across biffon for a long time
	layer_12: but i will see wheltdawl i hadn't come across biffon for a long time

file: 4515-11057-0013.flac
expected: was he still so very poor
	layer_2: whls he stilso nary por
	layer_4: whils he still soie nary por
	layer_6: whils he steal sode nary poor
	layer_8: whilst he steel so very poor
	layer_10: whilst he steal so very poor
	layer_12: whilst he steal so verry poor

file: 4515-11057-0014.flac
expected: asked amy compassionately
	layer_2: askedt ivydh compassionaely
	layer_4: asked imen compassionatly
	layer_6: asked imy compassionately
	layer_8: osed imy compassionately
	layer_10: osed imy compassionately
	layer_12: osed imy compassionately

file: 4515-11057-0015.flac
expected: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_2: i 'mafraighd si his book fild uttely
	layer_4: iam afraid so his book faild uttely
	layer_6: i am afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_8: i am afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_10: i am afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_12: i am afraid so his book failed utterly

file: 4515-11057-0016.flac
expected: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_2: oh iff i had amagind him still in such destress suarely i migt have on something to help hu
	layer_4: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i wigt have done something to heop hump
	layer_6: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_8: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_10: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_12: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him

file: 4515-11057-0017.flac
expected: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_2: per chance his deafth was impart aribitable to that hoples s love
	layer_4: perchance his death was impart a tributable to that hopeless love
	layer_6: perchance his death was impart a tributable to that hopeless love
	layer_8: perchance his death was inpart attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_10: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_12: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love

file: 4515-11057-0018.flac
expected: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_2: he sant me a copy of his noble she said and i saw ay him once or towisaf tr that
	layer_4: he sent me a copy of his noble she saint and i saw a him once or twice after that
	layer_6: he sent me a copy of his nobele she seind and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_8: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_10: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_12: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that

file: 4515-11057-0019.flac
expected: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_2: having this subjecto conversupon put the two mae quickly at eas than could outher wis have been the case
	layer_4: having this subjecto converse upon put the twoo mole quickly at east than could otherwiys have been the case
	layer_6: having this subject at converse upon put the two more quickly at east than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_8: having this subject at converse upon put the two more quickly at easet than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_10: having this subject tot converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_12: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case

file: 4515-11057-0020.flac
expected: amy might take a foremost place among brilliant women
	layer_2: ai me mito take ha formost place amung brilty wierd
	layer_4: amy miht take a formost place among brily wihern
	layer_6: amy might take a foremost place among brildam wiernd
	layer_8: amy might take a foremost place among briledian women
	layer_10: amy might take a foremost place among brildian women
	layer_12: amy might take a foremost place among brildian women

file: 4515-11057-0021.flac
expected: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_2: aspecialy now thert her fathe is thriad with blinness
	layer_4: especially now that her father is threed with bloinness
	layer_6: especially now that her father is threned with bloindness
	layer_8: especially now that her father is threated with blindness
	layer_10: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_12: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness

file: 4515-11057-0022.flac
expected: is it so serious
	layer_2: is it so serous
	layer_4: is it somcerious
	layer_6: is it so serious
	layer_8: is it so serious
	layer_10: is it so serious
	layer_12: is it so serious

file: 4515-11057-0023.flac
expected: even if mister yule recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before
	layer_2: even if mister your recoverse his sihte it is not at all likelin that he will be abled to work as before
	layer_4: even if mister your recovers his side it is not at all likly that whe will be able to worp ous before
	layer_6: even if mister yeld recovers his side it is not at all likely that he will be able to work us before
	layer_8: even if mister yeule recovers his side it is not at all likely that he will be able to work us before
	layer_10: even if mister yue recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work us before
	layer_12: even if mister yure recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work us before

file: 4515-11057-0024.flac
expected: our difficulties are so grave that
	layer_2: a difficultis a so grave that
	layer_4: an difficult is a so grave that
	layer_6: and difficult ies a so grave that
	layer_8: and difficulties are so grave that
	layer_10: and difficulties ae so grave that
	layer_12: and difficulties a so grave that

file: 4515-11057-0025.flac
expected: he paused and let his hand fail despondently
	layer_2: he asd and late his hand fil disbpodently
	layer_4: he cased and led his hand fil dispodently
	layer_6: he taused and led his haned faile despondently
	layer_8: he paused and led his hand faile despondently
	layer_10: he paused and let his hand fail despondently
	layer_12: he paused and let his hand fail despondently

file: 4515-11057-0026.flac
expected: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve
	layer_2: i have a good dal of will hyeu remember and what i have set my my tapo kno dout i shall some dia chfe
	layer_4: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my myd tupome no doubt i shall some daa chieh
	layer_6: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mid dupon no doubt i shall some day a chief
	layer_8: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achief
	layer_10: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve
	layer_12: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve

file: 4515-11057-0027.flac
expected: there was silence
	layer_2: fete was solis
	layer_4: there ware solencs
	layer_6: there were soles
	layer_8: there werse solents
	layer_10: there were soles
	layer_12: there were soles

file: 4515-11057-0028.flac
expected: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_2: thelast three yeas hi continued have might no slight differntce aid my position
	layer_4: the last three yes he continued have might know slight difference in my position
	layer_6: the last three years he continued have madt no slight difference in my position
	layer_8: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_10: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_12: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position

file: 4515-11057-0029.flac
expected: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_2: recol were i stood when hye fist ameg
	layer_4: recall where i stood when you firsti nemeng
	layer_6: recol where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_8: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_10: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_12: recall where i stood when you first knew me

file: 4515-11057-0030.flac
expected: just now i am in need of a little encouragement
	layer_2: just nat wi ae ma nead if a liflingcorragent
	layer_4: just nawi a mi nade of a liftl incourragment
	layer_6: just now i am i nad ofe a liftle encouragement
	layer_8: just now i am in nit of a little encouragement
	layer_10: just now i am in naid of a little encouragement
	layer_12: just now i am in naid of a little encouragement

file: 4515-11057-0031.flac
expected: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_2: hye don't knohtoucs any falling ouhf id my bwoor recentlyg
	layer_4: you don't noticse any falling off ed my work recently
	layer_6: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_8: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_10: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_12: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently

file: 4515-11057-0032.flac
expected: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_2: do you sea by hings in the cart and sow generaly
	layer_4: do you see my things in the carnt and so o generally
	layer_6: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_8: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_10: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_12: do you see my things in the current and so on generally

file: 4515-11057-0033.flac
expected: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_2: somtims ike believe or have atectegoug whet ther was nosikathure
	layer_4: sometimes li believe i have detecte you whet there was no sicnature
	layer_6: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_8: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_10: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_12: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature

file: 4515-11057-0034.flac
expected: her story in that girls paper has attracted attention
	layer_2: her storin  that girl's pipeer has attracted attantion
	layer_4: her stori in that girl's piper has attracted attention
	layer_6: her story in that girl's piper has attracted attention
	layer_8: her story in that girl's piper has attracted attention
	layer_10: her story in that girl's piper has attracted attention
	layer_12: her story in that girl's piper has attracted attention

file: 4515-11057-0035.flac
expected: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_2: and i could so easily poothert rest i renouncing all claime u pon  her
	layer_4: and i could so easily put her rest by renouncing all clam upon her
	layer_6: and i could so easily put her  rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_8: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_10: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_12: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her

file: 4515-11057-0036.flac
expected: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_2: y surmyes thit that yu yourself woiuld all sid be put et rest by such u decision
	layer_4: i surmis that that you yourself would allso be put o rest by such a decision
	layer_6: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_8: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_10: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_12: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision

file: 4515-11057-0037.flac
expected: don't look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_2: jine lolok at me with hat a wronicl smi he leted
	layer_4: jint wlilok at me with that ouronical smile he pleaded
	layer_6: jiane wliok at me with that aronical smile he pleaded
	layer_8: jint looke at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_10: jynt look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_12: joynt look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded

file: 4515-11057-0038.flac
expected: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavourable what can i do
	layer_2: i couldn't gb out the claring that i as har boracan in any of in i must bea c ontem for paple to judgh ny accarding to vr disposition and judgementsuo pretty shore to be youn five orble what can i do
	layer_4: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heart bocan in any o ent i must be content for people to judgeme according to ther disposition and judgements of pretty sure to beyoun fav orable what can i do
	layer_6: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heart boken in any of it i must be contemt for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments af pretty sure to be on favorable what can i do
	layer_8: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any efvent i must be contenpt for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavorable what can i do
	layer_10: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavorable what can i do
	layer_12: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavorable what can i do

file: 4515-11057-0039.flac
expected: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_2: the casies to delicae i fer for my and vic
	layer_4: the casis to delicate i fea for my advice
	layer_6: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_8: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_10: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_12: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice

file: 4515-11057-0040.flac
expected: well i'll go back to my scribbling
	layer_2: well i'll go bac to mys scriply
	layer_4: well i'll go back to my scripply
	layer_6: well i'll go back to my scriptly
	layer_8: well i'll go back to my scriptly
	layer_10: well i'll go back to my scriply
	layer_12: well i'll go back to my scriply

file: 4515-11057-0041.flac
expected: again jasper held the white soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_2: i gaan jast be helpd the bit softained for a superfles monent
	layer_4: again jast beheld the wight softained for a superfuluest miment
	layer_6: again jasbeheld the wight softained for a superfluous moment
	layer_8: again jaspeheld the whight soft aned for a superfluous moment
	layer_10: again jasper held the wight soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_12: again jasper held the whight soft hand for a superfluous moment

file: 4515-11057-0042.flac
expected: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_2: yet forsuch feeligs he repouched himself and the reporach maedt him angry
	layer_4: yet for such feelings he repoached himself and the reporoach maed him angry
	layer_6: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reprach made him angry
	layer_8: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_10: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_12: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry

file: 4515-11057-0043.flac
expected: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_2: maryion could not gmostake the eair of resless trouble on her companion slve counnants
	layer_4: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion sloth countenance
	layer_6: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion slooth countenance
	layer_8: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_10: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_12: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance

file: 4515-11057-0044.flac
expected: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she had approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_2: she had devind that there was sone grayvereas on for this sunence and ther panting with which she approched was half cased by the enxiouspets of her heart
	layer_4: she had divind that there was some grave reason for this suence and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beets of her heart
	layer_6: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this sonons and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious bpeats of her heart
	layer_8: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this sommon's and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_10: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summon's and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_12: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summon's and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart

file: 4515-11057-0045.flac
expected: he began abruptly
	layer_2: he begarn a broupcke tay
	layer_4: he began abroupty
	layer_6: he began abruptly
	layer_8: he began abruptly
	layer_10: he began abruptly
	layer_12: he began abruptly

file: 4515-11057-0046.flac
expected: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_2: he gave her such dytous as he had om taint teen added
	layer_4: he gave her such detowus as he had omtained then added
	layer_6: he gave her such detawsas he had obtained then added
	layer_8: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_10: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_12: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added

file: 4515-11057-0047.flac
expected: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_2: theyir re two of mik c ampanons foll n in the battle
	layer_4: there are two of myke ampanions fallan in the battle
	layer_6: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_8: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_10: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_12: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle

file: 4515-11057-0048.flac
expected: i ought to think myself a lucky fellow marian what
	layer_2: i oughto fhink myself a lackinyg felli main what
	layer_4: i ought to think myself a lucki fell ie marid wat
	layer_6: i ought to think myself a lucky felli marriad what
	layer_8: i ought to think myself a lucky falie marian what
	layer_10: i ought to think myself a lucky felli marian what
	layer_12: i ought to think myself a lucky fellih marian what

file: 4515-11057-0049.flac
expected: you are better fitted to fight your way jasper
	layer_2: you wire bet a frited to fight your wy jasper
	layer_4: youwre betterfritten to fight your way jaspe
	layer_6: you re better fitted to fight your way jaspa
	layer_8: you're better fitted to fight your way jaspa
	layer_10: you're better fitted to fight your way jaspe
	layer_12: you're better fitted to fight your way jasper

file: 4515-11057-0050.flac
expected: more of a brute you mean
	layer_2: lnr of a reek ivnhe
	layer_4: lar of a bree ein
	layer_6: lar of a bret evein
	layer_8: flaur of a brite evenine
	layer_10: flor of te brite evenine
	layer_12: flor of e brite evenine

file: 4515-11057-0051.flac
expected: you know very well i don't
	layer_2: he eknoa veryng well i toinet
	layer_4: heaeknow very well i don't
	layer_6: heare now very well idon'et
	layer_8: here know very well i don't
	layer_10: here know very well i don't
	layer_12: here know very well i don't

file: 4515-11057-0052.flac
expected: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_2: i have mide ave my mind oou aorafas he wain torm presentliy
	layer_4: i have made ap my mind a ourt arophers he wentorm presently
	layer_6: i have made up my mind about ar affairs he went om presently
	layer_8: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_10: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_12: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently

file: 4515-11057-0053.flac
expected: yes
	layer_2: ges
	layer_4: ges
	layer_6: gues
	layer_8: guess
	layer_10: guess
	layer_12: guess

file: 4515-11057-0054.flac
expected: will you marry me and let us take our chance
	layer_2: will you mariey and let as takeer chans
	layer_4: will you marri me and let us tike i chancs
	layer_6: will you marry me and let us tae or chance
	layer_8: will you marry me and let us take your chance
	layer_10: will you marry me and let us take your chance
	layer_12: will you marry me and let us take your chance

file: 4515-11057-0055.flac
expected: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_2: you feel yourself indespensible tyof fartherapresent
	layer_4: you feel yourself indispensible to your father ate present
	layer_6: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_8: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_10: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_12: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present

file: 4515-11057-0056.flac
expected: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_2: i should be some  frid of the effect upon his healfh jesper
	layer_4: i should be so a fraid of the effect upon his health jaspe
	layer_6: i should be so afraind of the effect upon his health jaspe
	layer_8: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_10: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_12: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper

file: 4515-11057-0057.flac
expected: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_2: she pased and looked uppet hi touchingi
	layer_4: she paused and looked up at hin touching y
	layer_6: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_8: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_10: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_12: she paused and looked up at him touchingly

file: 4515-11057-0058.flac
expected: dear i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blind
	layer_2: de ear i cat fel it would be my duty to rnaowd she because my father had becomet bloight
	layer_4: deya i can't feel it would be my duty to rnoute he becaused my father had become blitd
	layer_6: dia i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce she because my father had become blit
	layer_8: dea i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce yeu because my father had become blide
	layer_10: dea i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blide
	layer_12: dea i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blide

file: 4515-11057-0059.flac
expected: has one thing occurred to you
	layer_2: has one thing acure to you
	layer_4: has one thing a curk to you
	layer_6: has one thing a curk to you
	layer_8: has one thing o curk to you
	layer_10: has one thing a curt to you
	layer_12: has one thing a curt to you

file: 4515-11057-0060.flac
expected: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus milvain
	layer_2: will he could semnpt to receiv an aloane for a person whose name is missus no pbly
	layer_4: will he consent to receive in alloance for e person whose name is missus no ta
	layer_6: will he consent to receive in allowance from a person whose name is missus niveyn
	layer_8: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvai
	layer_10: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvain
	layer_12: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvain

file: 4515-11057-0061.flac
expected: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_2: and if e obstonatly refuses what thend what his before hem
	layer_4: and if he obstinately refuses what then what his before him
	layer_6: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_8: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_10: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_12: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him

file: 4515-11057-0062.flac
expected: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_2: she listen the anxioustlin and reflected
	layer_4: she listened the anxiously and reflected
	layer_6: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_8: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_10: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_12: she listened anxiously and reflected

file: 4515-11057-0063.flac
expected: as i have said there is the very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you are my wife
	layer_2: as ii have sid there is a very serious dout whete th your fathe would ecept mony forbou when ye wll mo wifeth
	layer_4: as i have seaid there is a very serious doubt wheher your father would except money for bou when you wile mo wife
	layer_6: as i have sened there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you wire my wife
	layer_8: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you ware my wife
	layer_10: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you ware my wife
	layer_12: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you are my wife

file: 4515-11057-0064.flac
expected: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_2: it isn'tyourfou mowian and well then thers anly one thing todo
	layer_4: it isn't your fault maria and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_6: it isn't your fault marion and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_8: it isn't your fault marion and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_10: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_12: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do

file: 4515-11057-0065.flac
expected: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_2: excerptd gesper that hif father his helpless i mus find means of a sureing his suppart
	layer_4: except jesper that hif father his helpless i must find mleains of assuring his support
	layer_6: except jesper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_8: except jesper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_10: except jesper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_12: except jesper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support

file: 4515-11057-0066.flac
expected: do you think them insurmountable
	layer_2: di i hink then insemoutable
	layer_4: do you think them insumoutable
	layer_6: do you think them insummountable
	layer_8: do you think them insumountable
	layer_10: do you think them insurmountable
	layer_12: do yo think them insurmountable

file: 4515-11057-0067.flac
expected: that is just what i have decided is impossible marian you shall have the plain truth
	layer_2: that is just ha h ha desied it his img possible man you shall have the plin trieth
	layer_4: that is just what her ha decide at his impossible moian you shall have the plaine truth
	layer_6: that is just what i hve decided his impossible marnion you shall have the plain truth
	layer_8: that is just what ihave decided his impossible mariin you shall have the plain truth
	layer_10: that is just what i have decided is impossible marion you shall have the plain truth
	layer_12: that is just what i have decided is impossible marion you shall have the plain truth

file: 4515-11057-0068.flac
expected: i don't trust myself
	layer_2: i durn't trust my self
	layer_4: i don't trust myself
	layer_6: i don't trust myself
	layer_8: i don't trust myself
	layer_10: i don't trust myself
	layer_12: i don't trust myself

file: 4515-11057-0069.flac
expected: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_2: but sholld faced the willilyn
	layer_4: but shald yu face them willitly
	layer_6: but shoul you face them willingly
	layer_8: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_10: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_12: but shall you face them willingly

file: 4515-11057-0070.flac
expected: put up your umbrella marian
	layer_2: ploe hup yurun brellof marriand
	layer_4: poll hup you run brell of marian
	layer_6: pull up you run brella marian
	layer_8: pull up you rumbrella marian
	layer_10: pullt tup your rumbrella marion
	layer_12: pull tup your rumbrella marion

file: 4515-11057-0071.flac
expected: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_2: what do i kare for a drup of rind she xclaind with passion ate sadness when all on life is at stuke how a migh to understang you
	layer_4: what do i care for a drop of rin she exclaimed with passionate saidness when all my life is it stuke how a i to understand you
	layer_6: what do i care for a drop of raine she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is it stake how am i to understand you
	layer_8: what do i care for a drop of raein she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_10: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_12: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you

file: 4515-11057-0072.flac
expected: every word you speak seems intended to dishearten me
	layer_2: everywordyou speak seetingtended to his hartmmyn
	layer_4: every word you speak semtintended to this heartend me
	layer_6: every word you speak seems intended to thisheartend me
	layer_8: every word you speak seems intended to dishearten me
	layer_10: every word you speak seems intended to dishearten me
	layer_12: every word you speak seems intended to dishearten me

file: 4515-11057-0073.flac
expected: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_2: wy netou conselit ifthat is the truth
	layer_4: why ned you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_6: why need you canceal it if that is the truth
	layer_8: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_10: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_12: why need you conceal it if that is the truth

file: 4515-11057-0074.flac
expected: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_2: is that what oule by syn ou destrusstu self
	layer_4: is that what you le by sagng you distrus yourself
	layer_6: is that what you me by saing you distrust yourself
	layer_8: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_10: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_12: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself

file: 4515-11057-0075.flac
expected: we must see each other again marian
	layer_2: we mut see ch ol te regare marriy ham
	layer_4: we must seeach other regare maria
	layer_6: we must see each other regain maria
	layer_8: we must see each other ageared mariam
	layer_10: we must see each other ageared mariam
	layer_12: we must see each other ageared mariam

file: 4515-11057-0076.flac
expected: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_2: how r my to leve an onmi nsuch unsertainteas tecs
	layer_4: howa my to live an oi in such uncertainty as this
	layer_6: how am i to live an houmr in such uncertainty as this
	layer_8: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_10: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_12: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this

file: 4515-11057-0077.flac
expected: i do wish it
	layer_2: i doo wishiirt
	layer_4: i do wish it
	layer_6: i do wish it
	layer_8: i do wish it
	layer_10: i do wish it
	layer_12: i do wish it

file: 4515-11057-0078.flac
expected: her emotion had an effect upon him and his voice trembled
	layer_2: herematian had n effec d on him and his voice trembled
	layer_4: heremation had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_6: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_8: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_10: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_12: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled

file: 4515-11057-0079.flac
expected: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_2: there is n natural lor that o charld should s uretet evry thing for her paranc
	layer_4: there is no natural lore that a chirld should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_6: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_8: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_10: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_12: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents

file: 4515-11057-0080.flac
expected: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_2: youv no soe much more of the worl thn ided catuad vice meg
	layer_4: you' know so much more of the wolld than ided cantyou itvice me
	layer_6: you know so much more of the world than i dod can't you advice me
	layer_8: youd know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_10: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_12: youd know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me

file: 4515-11057-0081.flac
expected: is there no way of providing for my father
	layer_2: is thed know wy hof prevoiding for my fotr
	layer_4: is thed know why of provoiding for my father
	layer_6: is ther no way of provoiding for my father
	layer_8: it's there no way of provoiding for my father
	layer_10: is there no way of prvoding for my father
	layer_12: is there no way of prvoiding for my father

file: 4515-11057-0082.flac
expected: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_2: good god this is froghtful marrion i cot standit
	layer_4: goode god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_6: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_8: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_10: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_12: good god this is frightful marion i can't stand it

file: 4515-11057-0083.flac
expected: i will be faithful to you
	layer_2: iv will be faithfl to yoad
	layer_4: i will be faithful to yoa
	layer_6: i will be faithful to you
	layer_8: i will be faithful to you
	layer_10: i will be faithful to you
	layer_12: i will be faithful to you

file: 4515-11057-0084.flac
expected: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_2: he had made a protents of holding his om broar iovor her but mariyin turd way an waoke to a little distance and stood beneh the sheltr of a griate trie her face o erted fropium
	layer_4: he had made a pretentse of halding his umbrowr eover her but marryinturned awy ad walked to a little distance and stood beeneath the shelter of a greit treet her face a verted from him
	layer_6: he had made a pretensce of holding his umbrowea over her but mariin turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_8: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrowar over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_10: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrolla over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_12: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrolla over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him

file: 4515-11057-0085.flac
expected: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_2: movicg to folly he saw that her frine a shake en by soundles sording
	layer_4: movicto follow he saw that her frainme wa shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_6: move it to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_8: move it to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_10: move it to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_12: move it to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing

file: 4515-11057-0086.flac
expected: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_2: en what ca the be morsolficess
	layer_4: inwhat can ther be more sofichness
	layer_6: in what can there be more solfishness
	layer_8: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_10: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_12: in what can there be more selfishness

file: 4515-11057-0087.flac
expected: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_2: but hi couldn't say on word that would seem to infiht such miseryis this
	layer_4: but i couldn't say on word that would seem to infight such misery as this
	layer_6: but i couldn't say o word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_8: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_10: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_12: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this

file: 4515-11057-0088.flac
expected: you don't love me jasper and that's an end of everything
	layer_2: you torn' love me jespe and that's an end of everything
	layer_4: you durn't love me jespa and thats an end of everything
	layer_6: you don't love me jaspa an that's an end of everything
	layer_8: you don't love me jaspa and that's an end of everything
	layer_10: you don't love me jaspa and that's an end of everything
	layer_12: you don't love me jaspa and that's an end of everything

file: 4515-11057-0089.flac
expected: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_2: hapinesso miserycome toous boy fagit
	layer_4: happiness o misery come toous by figt
	layer_6: happiness or misery come to us by a faigt
	layer_8: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_10: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_12: happiness or misery come to us by fate

file: 4515-11057-0090.flac
expected: is it in my power to make you happy
	layer_2: is if hin my paouet to might our happy
	layer_4: is if i my powert to mat you happy
	layer_6: is if hin my power to make you happy
	layer_8: is if in my power to make you happy
	layer_10: is if in my power to make you happy
	layer_12: is if in my power to make you happy

file: 4515-11057-0091.flac
expected: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_2: but hive he had sae heu louved we be for that i should have it al wlice to remimber
	layer_4: but if he had sayt ye loved mee beforl that i should have it al wis to remember
	layer_6: but if ye had said heu loved me before that i should have it alwase to remember
	layer_8: but if you had said heu loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_10: but if you had said he loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_12: but if you had said he loved me before that i should have it always to remember

file: 4515-11057-0092.flac
expected: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_2: if i believe anyshing i believe that i dit lovying
	layer_4: if i believe anything i believe that i dit love ynm
	layer_6: if i believe anything i believe that i did love ym
	layer_8: if i believe anything i believe that i did love hiou
	layer_10: if i believe anything i believe that i did love ou
	layer_12: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you

file: 4515-11057-0093.flac
expected: what can you say to me more than you have said now
	layer_2: wha can you sy to meing more tha you have sate now
	layer_4: what can you say to me more than you have sant na
	layer_6: what can you say to me more than you have sent naw
	layer_8: what can you say to me more than you have set now
	layer_10: what can you say to me more than you have saind now
	layer_12: what can you say to me more than you have said now

file: 4515-11057-0094.flac
expected: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it comes to
	layer_2: rememdbeme as af man who disredgarded prisl slavf such as urs to go and mak himself u prowd position am ong fools and naves indee that's wh its cometon
	layer_4: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless lave such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and naves indeed that what its come ton
	layer_6: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_8: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_10: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_12: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to

file: 4515-11057-0095.flac
expected: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_2: son noughfe would thororgly dispise me and though i should knowl it was merated mhi po vers pried would revaul toginstat
	layer_4: soon enough e would thoroughly dispise me and though i should know it was merited my porvers pride would revult against it
	layer_6: soon enough yeu would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my parverse pride would revult against it
	layer_8: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_10: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_12: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it

file: 4515-11057-0096.flac
expected: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_2: whalt can be simpleot than the troth
	layer_4: what can be simplerhan the truf
	layer_6: what can be simpler than the trut
	layer_8: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_10: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_12: what can be simpler than the truth

file: 4515-11057-0097.flac
expected: it is a thing that happens every day either in man or woman and all that honour demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_2: it is a fing tha happens every dy eaither in a man al homan and al that onoe demans is the couragedto confest the truth
	layer_4: it is a ting that happens every day either in a man od horman and all wat ol a demands is the couraged to confessd the truth
	layer_6: it is a fingthat happens every daye either in a man old woman an all walt on u demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_8: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man old woman and all that honour demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_10: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that honor demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_12: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that honor demands is the courage to confess the truth

file: 4515-11057-0098.flac
expected: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without our meeting during that time
	layer_2: maryan eo hoe d this whill you leve her ngagement las fornothe sixmontse but withey out have meting jgurin that tiemne
	layer_4: marian will you do this will you let her engagement last fr another six mons but without have meeting during that tine
	layer_6: marian will you do this will you let her engagement last for another six months but without have meeting during that ti
	layer_8: marian will you do this will you let hour engagement last for another six months but without have meeting during that time
	layer_10: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without have meeting during that time
	layer_12: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without have meeting during that time

file: 4515-11057-0099.flac
expected: that seems to me childish
	layer_2: that seins to me chaldish
	layer_4: that sims to me chaldish
	layer_6: that seems to me chaldish
	layer_8: that seems to me childish
	layer_10: that seems to me childish
	layer_12: that seems to me childish

file: 4515-11057-0100.flac
expected: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumnal mist
	layer_2: the rin el unseasing en and with it begare to nigle an or tumbal bist
	layer_4: the rain fell unceasing li and with it began to migle an or tumblel mist
	layer_6: the rain fell unceasingy and with it began to migle anautuma mist
	layer_8: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumbel mist
	layer_10: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumbnal mist
	layer_12: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumbnal mist

file: 4515-11057-0101.flac
expected: jasper delayed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_2: jest be deligdamilment theyn asked comly
	layer_4: jes put deligt emiment theyn asked comly
	layer_6: juspbu delaght a miment then asked calm'tly
	layer_8: jesba delighed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_10: jespa delayhed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_12: jespa delayed a moment then asked calmly

file: 4515-11057-0102.flac
expected: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_2: you going to the museum yes
	layer_4: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_6: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_8: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_10: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_12: are you going to the museum yes

file: 4515-11057-0103.flac
expected: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_2: gohime agaie for thi smorning marrig hin you car work
	layer_4: gohime again for this morning marrion you camp work
	layer_6: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_8: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_10: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_12: go home again for this morning marian you can't work

file: 4515-11057-0104.flac
expected: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_2: ma must and i have no tam to lis
	layer_4: my must and i have no time to lose
	layer_6: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_8: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_10: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_12: i must and i have no time to lose

file: 4515-11057-0105.flac
expected: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_2: good by she gave in her k ined
	layer_4: good by she gave in her kent
	layer_6: good bye she gave hi her hand
	layer_8: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_10: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_12: good bye she gave him her hand

file: 4515-11057-0106.flac
expected: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_2: thi looked ot each other forn estat ther maiin left the shellto of the tre ipeter o brellau and walked quicpkly awy
	layer_4: thy looked at each other forn enstant the marrian left the shelter of the tree opedter a brella and walked quickly awhy
	layer_6: they looked at each other for agn instant thet marian left the shelter of the tree openter ambrella and walked quickly away
	layer_8: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_10: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_12: they looked at each other for an instant then marion left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away

file: 4515-11057-0107.flac
expected: jasper did not watch her he had the face of a man who is suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_2: jast the did not watch her he had the face of a man who was sufferiga s of fart hemaration
	layer_4: just te did not watch her he had the face of a man who wis suffering as sofvhea humariation
	layer_6: justbut did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a sova humriation
	layer_8: justbut did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a severe humiiation
	layer_10: jesburt did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_12: jesburt did not watch her he had the face of a man who as suffering a severe humiliation

file: 4515-11057-0108.flac
expected: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his tones and aspect
	layer_2: his sist o sav bury little for she reacognose genuan suffrigin his tiime sand aspect
	layer_4: his sister sait bery little for she recognos genuan suffering in his timesaind aspect
	layer_6: his sister said very little for she recognors genuine suffering in his tines and aspect
	layer_8: his sister said very little for she recognosd genuine suffering in his times and aspect
	layer_10: his sister said very little for she recognosed genuine suffering in his times and aspect
	layer_12: his sister said very little for she recognosed genuine suffering in his times and aspect

file: 4515-11057-0109.flac
expected: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_2: a fewr wenksago he agtually prepose to wawoman for hom he does not protame to have the slightest effection but he was very rich and who seemed lihkely to be foolish onough to mary heim
	layer_4: a few winksago he actually proposed to ar woman for heorm he does not preteimned to have the slightest defection but who wis very rich and who seemed lighktely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_6: a few winkgs ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_8: a few wenks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_10: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_12: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him

file: 4515-11057-0110.flac
expected: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_2: yest none morning he wraeceived her fin al aser o refusal
	layer_4: yes  nane morning he received her final answer o refusal
	layer_6: yesthernae morning he received her final answer o refusal
	layer_8: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_10: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_12: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal

file: 4515-11057-0111.flac
expected: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_2: yie willon derstaned thy shurly ou nat nofresh pruf how uttlly aworthe he is of hu
	layer_4: you will understand thy surely you need kno fresh prof how uely aworthe he as of you
	layer_6: you will understand they surely you need no fresh proof how utterly uworthy he is of you
	layer_8: you will understand theyg surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_10: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_12: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you

file: 4515-11057-0112.flac
expected: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_2: you werl th only fraed di have of my owin sex and i could not bat dse hyou
	layer_4: ou or the only frendi have of my own sex and i could not betluose you
	layer_6: you wre the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_8: you're the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_10: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_12: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you

file: 4515-11057-0113.flac
expected: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_2: several das passd before their came of reply
	layer_4: several days past before their came of reply
	layer_6: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_8: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_10: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_12: several days passed before there came a reply

file: 4515-11057-0114.flac
expected: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_2: i must inly askd thick you wl right to me without the least reference to thestroubles tell e oeaways about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me two much
	layer_4: i must only aske that you will wright to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself ind besure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_6: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_8: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_10: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_12: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much

file: 3915-57461-0000.flac
expected: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure
	layer_2: we have succeeded an amasing too hundred eunses of silver nogh i treuss to arec ahandsome brownd figure
	layer_4: we have succeeded an a massing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to errect a handsome brownds figure
	layer_6: we have succeeded in a massing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome browne figure
	layer_8: we have succeeded in emassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome brone figure
	layer_10: we have succeeded in emassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure
	layer_12: we have succeeded in emassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure

file: 3915-57461-0001.flac
expected: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_2: to be sure it seems ashame yet if i could stal then money this prisd es bosting about i could liv it eas for the rest of my days and s o he began chasting about howp best he mit compossis perpfse
	layer_4: to be sure it seems ashame yet if i could steeal them oney this prieso as boasting about i could live it ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might composs his purpose
	layer_6: to be sure it seems ashame yet if i could steal the money this presd is boasting about i could live it ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compas his purpose
	layer_8: to be sure it seems ashame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compas his purpose
	layer_10: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_12: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose

file: 3915-57461-0002.flac
expected: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrade's thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of kuana
	layer_2: but the prisd far from guessing the drift of his comrats thoughts durneid cheerfully on till they rache the town of coona
	layer_4: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrates thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of cona
	layer_6: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of cona
	layer_8: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of cna
	layer_10: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of cooana
	layer_12: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of cooanna

file: 3915-57461-0003.flac
expected: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_2: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossd an fairy boats that startas soon a some twente or thirty passengers ar gather together and an one of the'se boats the two travelers amdbarkt
	layer_4: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed ind fairy boats that startes soon a some twenty or thirty passengers are gatherd together and in one of these boats the two travellers and barked
	layer_6: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in fairy boats that start as soon af some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_8: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_10: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_12: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked

file: 3915-57461-0004.flac
expected: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_2: when the boatmen a passenders heard the splashion saw the pries strugli in the water ther were e frid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair in the boat running swifly under the belying sailes so they were soon a few hundred yards offtrom the drowning man who sank before the boatk could be turne to reski him
	layer_4: when the boatmen a passenders heard the splash oned saw the prist strugglingin the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to reskie him
	layer_6: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest strugglin in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_8: when the boatman and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest strugglig in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_10: when the boatman and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_12: when the boatman and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him

file: 3915-57461-0005.flac
expected: when he saw this the ronin feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kiyoto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_2: when he saw thas the ron faind the outmost crief in tismame and said to his fellow pasenders this prised twoom we ae just lost was my cousn't he was going to keioto to visit the shrin of his patrent and as i happened to have business there is well we settled to travele together
	layer_4: when he saw this the ron fained the utmost crief in dismame and said to his fellow passengers this priezed whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrin of his patron and has i happened to have business there is well we settled to travelle together
	layer_6: when he saw this the ron faigned the utmost crief in dismai and said to his fellow passengers this priesed whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kuioto to visit the shrine of his patront and as i happened to have business there is well we settled to travell together
	layer_8: when he saw this the run feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priesed whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there is well we settled to travel together
	layer_10: when he saw this the rona feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to ciyoto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_12: when he saw this the runan feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to cyoto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together

file: 3915-57461-0006.flac
expected: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_2: nowlas by this mis fortun my cousan is dead and i am left al lone
	layer_4: now last by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left a lone
	layer_6: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_8: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_10: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_12: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone

file: 3915-57461-0007.flac
expected: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story and pitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_2: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely thaet the passengers belieaved astory and pitied in tried comforediem
	layer_4: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed ta story amd pitied and tried to comfor hem
	layer_6: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed a story un pitied and tried to comfor them
	layer_8: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story un pitied and tried to comfort them
	layer_10: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story un pitied and tried to comfort hem
	layer_12: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story un pitied and tried to comfort hem

file: 3915-57461-0008.flac
expected: then the ronin said to the boatmen
	layer_2: then the ronand said tof the boatemen
	layer_4: then the roan and said to the boatmen
	layer_6: then the roan and said to the boatman
	layer_8: then the roan ad said to the boatman
	layer_10: then the rhoanan said to the boatman
	layer_12: then the rhoanan said to the boatman

file: 3915-57461-0009.flac
expected: what think you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_2: what think you gentleman addit he turning to the other shravelers
	layer_4: what think you gentleman added he turning to the other chravellers
	layer_6: what think you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_8: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_10: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_12: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers

file: 3915-57461-0010.flac
expected: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ronin had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_2: they of course were only two glad to a voit any hindrance to theire on ward journy and all with one voice agreed to whet the roun an heve proposed ands o the matter was sittled
	layer_4: they of course were only towo glad to a voit any hindrance to their on ward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the rown in have proposed and so the matter wash sitdled
	layer_6: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ron and had proposed and so the matter was setdled
	layer_8: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the rhonan had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_10: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the rhonan had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_12: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ronan had proposed and so the matter was settled

file: 3915-57461-0011.flac
expected: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronin overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kiyoto
	layer_2: when at leng they reached the shore they lefft aboat and every men went his way but the ron int over joyed and is heart tooke the wondering prece luggage and puting it with his on pfersud his journey to keota
	layer_4: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every men went his way but the ron it overjoyed and his heart took the wandering prest luggage and puting it with his own pursued his journey to kiota
	layer_6: wen at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every men went his way but the ron it overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kuixota
	layer_8: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronet overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kioto
	layer_10: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronat overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to cioto
	layer_12: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronat overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to cioto

file: 3915-57461-0012.flac
expected: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amass great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_2: fortune favoring his speculations he began to a mas great wealth ind lived at his eas denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who pore him a child
	layer_4: fortune favouring his speculations he began to a mas great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_6: fortune favouring his speculations he began to a mass great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_8: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amass great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_10: fortune favoring his speculations he began to amass great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_12: fortune favoring his speculations he began to amass great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child

file: 3915-57461-0013.flac
expected: since then all has gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin nor thief
	layer_2: since then allas gone wel was me yet had i not been poor i had never turnedto sassan nor thif
	layer_4: since then allwas gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned to sassand nor thief
	layer_6: since then allways gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned to sassin northief
	layer_8: since then all was gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned ta sassin nort thief
	layer_10: since then all was gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin nor thief
	layer_12: since then all was gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin nor thief

file: 3915-57461-0014.flac
expected: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mien so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_2: he would av flead into the house but the gos stretch forth hi  withered arm and clutching the back of his next scalled at him with a veendict of glar ina hitous gasliness of mean so one speakably awful that any ordinary man would have swoon with fear
	layer_4: he would havefled into the house but the ghos stretch forth hitst withered arm and clutching the back of his next scalled at him with a vindicked of glar and a hideous gastliness of meam so onspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swoond with fear
	layer_6: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth hits withered arm and clutching the back of his neckt scowled at him with a vindictiv glare and a hideous ghastliness of mean so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_8: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth hits withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictiv glare and a hideous ghastliness of mim so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_10: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mim so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_12: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and hideous ghastliness of mim so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear

file: 3915-57461-0015.flac
expected: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation tokubei fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_2: at length undone by such ceasless vexation took abay fell ill and kat muttering o misseryi misery the wandering priese is coming t torturme
	layer_4: at length undune by such ceaseless fexation took a bey fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_6: at length undonne by such ceaseless vexation took a bay fell ill and kep muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_8: at length undonne by such ceaseless vexation took bay fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_10: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation took a bay fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_12: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation took a bay fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me

file: 3915-57461-0016.flac
expected: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next street
	layer_2: now it chance that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering prece twoo lodged in the nextren
	layer_4: now it chance that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest two lodged in the nextrent
	layer_6: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest wo lodged in the next trent
	layer_8: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next streem
	layer_10: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next stream
	layer_12: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next stream

file: 3915-57461-0017.flac
expected: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_2: and hiding is had under the coverlet he la quivering all over
	layer_4: and hiding his had under the coverlet he lak quivering all over
	layer_6: and hiding his head under the cover let he lay quivering all over
	layer_8: and hiding his head under the cover let he lay quivering all over
	layer_10: and hiding his head under the cover let he lay quivering all over
	layer_12: and hiding his head under the cover let he lay quivering all over

file: 3915-57461-0018.flac
expected: three years ago at the kuana ferry you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_2: three years ago ad the coon afairy you flung me into the water and welld you rememberit
	layer_4: three years ago at the coon a fairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_6: three years ago at the kuon a fairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_8: three years ago at the kuana fairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_10: three years ago at the kuana fairry you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_12: three years ago at the kuana fairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it

file: 3915-57461-0019.flac
expected: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_2: happly contenued the prieast i had learned to swim an o div as a boy so i reached the sore and after wandering throgh many provinces succeeded and setting up a brond figure to bud a thus fa filling the wish of my heart
	layer_4: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to div as a boy sow i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded and setting up a brondt figure to buda thusfufilling the wish of my heart
	layer_6: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded and setting up a bronde figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_8: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_10: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_12: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart

file: 3915-57461-0020.flac
expected: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous ailment
	layer_2: on my journey homewords i took he lodging in the nexttreet and there hard of your marvlus ailement
	layer_4: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next stret and their heard of your marvelous alement
	layer_6: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there herd of your marvellous alment
	layer_8: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvelous ailment
	layer_10: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvelous ailment
	layer_12: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvelous ailment

file: 3915-57461-0021.flac
expected: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_2: thinking i could divind at's caus t i came to seeu and hen glad to find i was not mostaken
	layer_4: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and them glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_6: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_8: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_10: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_12: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken

file: 3915-57461-0022.flac
expected: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_2: and would int not illl become me to bar malse
	layer_4: and wouldnt not ill become me to bear malace
	layer_6: and would i not ill become me to bear malace
	layer_8: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_10: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_12: and would it not ill become me to bear malice

file: 3915-57461-0023.flac
expected: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways
	layer_2: repent therefore in abbandin yoar evil ways
	layer_4: repent therefore in abandon your evil ways
	layer_6: repent therefore an abandon your evil ways
	layer_8: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways
	layer_10: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways
	layer_12: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways

file: 3915-57461-0024.flac
expected: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_2: to see you do so i shoulde steem the height of happiness
	layer_4: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_6: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_8: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_10: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_12: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness

file: 3915-57461-0025.flac
expected: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_2: be of good cheere now and look me in the face and yeu will see that i am really a living man and no venhful doblan come te toermat iua
	layer_4: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really aliving man and no vengteful doblind come to tormet ya
	layer_6: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to tormet you
	layer_8: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_10: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_12: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you

file: 3915-57461-0026.flac
expected: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you
	layer_2: in afit of madness i was tempted to kill and ropi
	layer_4: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robu
	layer_6: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robyu
	layer_8: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you
	layer_10: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you
	layer_12: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you

file: 3915-57461-0027.flac
expected: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_2: fortimn be friended me ever after but the richr i grew the more kenly i felt how wicket i had been and the more i fore saw that my victm's fengions would some day overtake meg
	layer_4: fortuned be friendeid me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicket i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's fengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_6: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_8: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_10: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_12: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me

file: 3915-57461-0028.flac
expected: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_2: hante by this thought i lost my nerve tild one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_4: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve til one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forthfell ill
	layer_6: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_8: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_10: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_12: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill

file: 3915-57461-0029.flac
expected: but how you managed to escape and are still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_2: but howyou manirged to has scape in her still a live is more than i can understand
	layer_4: but how you manage to escape in her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_6: but how you managed to escape in her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_8: but how you managed to escape in her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_10: but how you managed to escape in her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_12: but how you managed to escape in her still alive is more than i can understand

file: 3915-57461-0030.flac
expected: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a stork's beak a murderer's conscience preys upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_2: a gilty man said the priesd with a smile shudtters at the rustling of the wind wr the chattering of hi stoworkspeak a murders conscience prais upon his min till he seas what is not
	layer_4: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudters at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of ha stork sbeak a murders conscience praise upon his mind til he seas what is not
	layer_6: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of ha storick speak a murder's conscience praise upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_8: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of hastoric speak a murderer's conscience preyis upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_10: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of historic speak a murderer's conscience preys upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_12: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of historic speak a murderer's conscience preys upon his mind till he sees what is not

file: 3915-98647-0000.flac
expected: every well ordered japanese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrine which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_2: every well orderd jakings home of the old fashion king heas its little shronm which as the sentr of the religits life i the house
	layer_4: every well ordered jacpkings home of the old fashioned kin hes its little shrine which is the centr of the religieth life of the house
	layer_6: every well ordered japes home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrine which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_8: every well ordered jackese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrine which is the center of the religious life of the house
	layer_10: every well ordered jaknese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrine which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_12: every well ordered japknese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrine which is the centre of the religious life of the house

file: 3915-98647-0001.flac
expected: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day and anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_2: shedis ho seth the rice ond ine be wore the ens esteal tantlets who lights the lite lame beach nite and who seied that at each fe sttay n ane ars re seson the proper food is prepared and set ut for the housetld got
	layer_4: sheitis who sets the rice and wine before the ends estral tablets who lights the little lamd each knihte and who seesd that at each fe stay and aneverseary season the proper foodis repared and set out for the household gods
	layer_6: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each knight and who sees that at each feest day in antirversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_8: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each knight and who sees that at each feast day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_10: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_12: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods

file: 3915-98647-0002.flac
expected: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safeguard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_2: these must be kuept carefuly by the mothers o save gartgans tha many eviles that beset child life
	layer_4: these must be kept carefully by the mother s a save gard againse the many eviles tha beset child life
	layer_6: these must be kept carefully by the mother is the safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_8: these must be kept carefully by the mother is a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_10: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_12: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life

file: 3915-98647-0003.flac
expected: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_2: visits tonoted temples by relatifs mfriends offten resalt in additions to the child' colection
	layer_4: visits tonoted temples by relatives em friends often result and additionts to the child's collection
	layer_6: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result and additions to the child's collection
	layer_8: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_10: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_12: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in addition to the child's collection

file: 3915-98647-0004.flac
expected: all these are put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_2: all these are put tagether by the carefom mother in preserved is shaelloisly as queenout the akept the chard stic that govere tha destin he eofor suon
	layer_4: all these are put together by the careful mother ind preserved as shell ously as queenoff the akept the chard stick that governed the destin they ovever son
	layer_6: all these are put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen off thea kept the chared stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_8: all these ware put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen athiea kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_10: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_12: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son

file: 3915-98647-0005.flac
expected: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and they are usually kept stored away in some little used drawer or cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_2: as the childrn arriveat years of dischruession these treasurs passe out of the mothers faithful keeping into the hans of their actual eers and theire yearsly kep stort away and some little use drarer cabnettiled deth removed the necessity fort any further save gardts overlife
	layer_4: as the children arrivat years of discression these treasures pass out of the mothers faithful keeping into the hands of their actual unnters and theire yearslly kept stord away and some little used drawer cabinent ntil death removes the necessity for any further save gard t overlife
	layer_6: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual onders and their yearsly kept stortd away in some little used drawer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_8: as the children arrived at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and their yearsly kept storit away in some little used drawer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_10: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and their yearsly kept stored away in some little used drawer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_12: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and their yearsly kept swored away in some little used drawer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life

file: 3915-98647-0006.flac
expected: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skillful balancer of pros and cons can read aright the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_2: ec ani mil brings its own kind of gooder bad luc in to the hour day or year over which o proits and only a skilful bolansera pros and comns can red a right the coninations and understan what the luck of any parteckuv her hour in any particulard day of any pertacular yoer will be
	layer_4: each animal brings its own kind of good hor badluck into the hour day or year over which a prodides and only a skillful balancer a prosend cons can red a right the conbinations and understand what the luck of any particule her hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_6: each animal brings its own kind of good or badluck into the hour day or year over which it prosides and only a skilful balancer o prosen kons can read a right the comdinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_8: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skilful balancer of prosin cons can read awrite the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_10: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skilful balancer of pros an cons can read o write the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_12: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skilful balancer of pros an cons can read or write the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be

file: 3915-98647-0007.flac
expected: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain and the services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_2: or the greater event of family life the home propasies or felt to be two uncertain ind this services of the fortantelloer must becalled in
	layer_4: for the greater events of family life the whom prophecies are felt to be two uncertain and this services of the fortuneteller must be called in
	layer_6: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain an this services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_8: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain an the services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_10: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain and the services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_12: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain and the services of the fortune teller must be called in

file: 3915-98647-0008.flac
expected: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_2: no ell manish family wulh think od building an new house without finding in what direction to thayse toe front door
	layer_4: no well manished family would think ood building an new house without finding in what direction to pface the front door
	layer_6: no well manished family would think oof building a new house without finding in what direction to pace the front door
	layer_8: no well manisgh family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to pface the front door
	layer_10: no well mannished family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_12: no well mannished family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door

file: 3915-98647-0009.flac
expected: after this matter has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_2: after this manner has been settled an the houses fairly begun there are a casinal chrisees in its construction upon which much depents
	layer_4: after this manner has been settled and the houses fairly begun there are occasional chrises in its construction upon which much depens
	layer_6: after this manner has been settled and the hous is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_8: after this manner has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises and its construction upon which much depends
	layer_10: after this manner has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_12: after this manner has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends

file: 3915-98647-0010.flac
expected: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_2: of thesed the most importaness the da lwheng the broof iserst
	layer_4: of these the most importantess the day when the roof asrased
	layer_6: of these the most importancanse the day when the roof isrraised
	layer_8: of these the most importan s the day when the roof is raised
	layer_10: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_12: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised

file: 3915-98647-0011.flac
expected: the house owner then decides whether the day set by the builder is a lucky one for himself and his family
	layer_2: the houseonor then  the side whether the daye sait by the builder is a lecking one for himself and his family
	layer_4: the house ownered then  the side whether the day set by the builder is a lecking one for himself and his family
	layer_6: the house owner then e side whether the day set by the builder is a lecking one for himself and his family
	layer_8: the house owner then desides whether the day set by the builder is a lucking one for himself and his family
	layer_10: the house owner then decides whether the day set by the builder is a lucky one for himself and his family
	layer_12: the house owner then decide whether the day set by the builder is a lucky one for himself and his family

file: 3915-98647-0012.flac
expected: a present of money to each workman is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job in hand when at last the house is finished and carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the ridge pole cast down cakes for which the children of the neighborhood scramble joyfully
	layer_2: a present of money tt wherdman is also and order and will conduse to the rapit in fathful execution of the jhobat hin when it last the houseis fharnishd and carprene ders om plasters ar ready to leveit the locl firaman who have a sisted all along in the building as unskilld labors often as sen to the roofh and from the bridgh pul cassdown cakes for which the hildrem hin the neighbour had scramble jhoyfully
	layer_4: a present of money toeat wornan is also an order and will conduce to the rapid ain faithful execution of the jobat hand when it last the houses fornished in carbrenders and plasterers ore ready to leave it the local firaman who have assisted all along in the building as unskild labors often asen to the roof and from the bridge pull cast down cakes for which the children thin the neighborhood scramble choyfully
	layer_6: a present of money te each worknen is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the houses firnished in carboenters and plasterers ore ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskiled laborers often assend to the roof and from the bridge pull cast down cakes for which the children han the neighbourhood scrambled jhoyfully
	layer_8: a present of money to eat workman is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the hous is firnished in carpoenters and plasterers ore ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the bridge pulle cast down cakes for which the children in the neighborhood scrambled jhoyfully
	layer_10: a present of money to eat workmen is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is finished and carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the bridgepolle cast down cakes for which the children in the neighborhood scrambled joyfully
	layer_12: a present of money to eat workmen is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is finished and carpenters and plasters are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the bridgepole cast down cakes for which the children in the neighborhood scrambled joyfully

file: 3915-98647-0013.flac
expected: all come who can and those who cannot come send servants or provisions
	layer_2: all come who can an thos who canot comsin servantsor provisions
	layer_4: alcome who can and those who cannot comesen servants or provisions
	layer_6: all come who can and those who cannot come ston servants or provisions
	layer_8: all come who can and those who cannot come sin servants or provisions
	layer_10: all come who can and those who cannot come sins servants or provisions
	layer_12: all come who can and those who cannot come sins servants or provisions

file: 3915-98647-0014.flac
expected: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in the cask shaped coffin that until recently was the style commonly in use in japan
	layer_2: on the day after thi death often in the evening the bodty must re placed in the cask shaped coffon that until reseontly was ta stail commonly ineusnge aphan
	layer_4: on the day after the death often in the evening the bodty must replaced in the cask shaped coffind that until reasently was e style commonly a usange ophan
	layer_6: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a cask shaped coffin that until reasently was a style commonly in usangeapend
	layer_8: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a casqk shaped coffin that until recently was a style commonly in using japan
	layer_10: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a cask shaped coffin that until recently was a style commonly in using japan
	layer_12: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a cask shaped coffin that until recently was a style commonly in using japan

file: 3915-98647-0015.flac
expected: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with burial in the old way makes the survival of the old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_2: no among the welth yoer classes the long coffin has superceated the small sqwhar or round one but the smlergspens connecto with ha baril ind the old way maxees ervival of an old tihpe unecessity for the majeority of japinas
	layer_4: now among the wealchyer classes the long coffin has superceeded the small square ore round one but the smallercxpense connected with a baril in the old way maxes survival of an old tyhpe anecessity for the majority of japanes
	layer_6: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superceeded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with a buriel in the old way makes us survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_8: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with he burial in the old way makes a survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_10: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with the burial in the old way makes a survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_12: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with the burial in the old way makes a survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese

file: 3915-98647-0016.flac
expected: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_2: at an appointed time all the relatove the sumble in the defh chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the courps
	layer_4: at an appointed time all the relatives thes semble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_6: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_8: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_10: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_12: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse

file: 3915-98647-0017.flac
expected: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_2: there's no  ficial sare moniyo morning of parents for their children nor dois custom require them the perfornt any of the last rights or attend t he unnel
	layer_4: thereis no afficial ceremolnial morning of parents for their children nor dis custom require them to perform any of the last rits or attend he vuneral
	layer_6: there is no official seremlnial morning of parents for their children nor doescustom require them to perform any of the last rihts or attend the funeral
	layer_8: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor doscustom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_10: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_12: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral

file: 3915-98647-0018.flac
expected: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_2: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attendin to all f the last sad ministrations
	layer_4: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all of the last sad ministrations
	layer_6: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all f the last sad ministrations
	layer_8: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_10: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all f the last sad ministrations
	layer_12: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all of the last sad ministrations

file: 3915-98647-0019.flac
expected: when the body has been washed it is dressed in white in silk habutai whenever the family can afford it
	layer_2: when the body has been washed as as dressed in white and syil caboti when evert e familican  fordhat
	layer_4: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white and sillcabotime wheneverthe familicaln affordat
	layer_6: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white and silcabotie whenever the famili can ffordit
	layer_8: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white and silcabouti whenever the family can afford it
	layer_10: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white and silcabotie whenever the family can afford it
	layer_12: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white and silcabo tie whenever the family can afford it

file: 3915-98647-0020.flac
expected: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture the chin resting upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_2: the body to be placed in the cofhon must befold ed into asitting posture nd the chin restac o upon the neas the posision of th momys foundin many aaragial americontims
	layer_4: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin reste upon the nes the position of the mumme's found in many aborigial americantumbes
	layer_6: the body to be placed in the coffin must befolded into a sitting posture and the chin reste upon the knees the position of the mummyes found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_8: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin rested upon the knees the position of the mummes found in many aboriginal american tombes
	layer_10: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin rested upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_12: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin restidg upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombs

file: 3915-98647-0021.flac
expected: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin a number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_2: this difficult too us a perenly impossible feet safely accomplished ther er placed in the coffinand number of small things tort the dead takes with him to the next worl
	layer_4: this difficult too us apparently impossible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin an number of small things tha the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_6: this difficult to us apparently impossible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin an number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_8: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin an number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_10: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin ad number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_12: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin ad number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world

file: 3915-98647-0022.flac
expected: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_2: the single ecception to this  rll about mtal is that small coper coins may be puten to fee the old hag who gards the bank of the riverove death
	layer_4: the single exception to this rull about meddl is that small coper coins may be put int to fee the old hag who gards the bank of the riverovfe death
	layer_6: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_8: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_10: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_12: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death

file: 3915-98647-0023.flac
expected: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_2: last of all the vagen spaces in the cofin ar filledit ind with bags of tee
	layer_4: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled ind with bags of tea
	layer_6: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_8: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_10: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_12: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea

file: 3915-98647-0024.flac
expected: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually
	layer_2: so long as the cofinis in the housein must be watche d over continually
	layer_4: so long as the coffinis in the house an must be watched over continually
	layer_6: so long as the coffin is in the house itd must be watched over continually
	layer_8: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually
	layer_10: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually
	layer_12: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually

file: 3915-98647-0025.flac
expected: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_2: it is their duty to sea that the en sense burning before the coffines th never lawe to go outh while the foot for the deadtis were newd o regular intervals by the morners themselves
	layer_4: it is their duty to see that the incence burning before the coffinis tha never alaved to go out while the foot for the debd is were newde regular intervals by the morners themselves
	layer_6: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffinis then never alloved to go out while the foot for the debad is renewed regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_8: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffinis the never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed regular intervals by the muners themselves
	layer_10: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffinist  never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_12: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffinist  never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves

file: 3915-98647-0026.flac
expected: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great is the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_2: there ar few and lightn japany as who will to fend the presentsistom of cruelty to the eflectet or ho do not long for some change but so great os the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may and de cate a lack of respect for the dead theat ereform ad vances slowly
	layer_4: there are few and light ind japanys who will to fend the present system of cruelty to the afflictit or who do not long for some change but so great es the force of concervatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may ind dicatde a lack of respect for the dead that wereform advances slowly
	layer_6: there are few enlightand japanes who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflict id or who do not long for some change but so greate as the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_8: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great as the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_10: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great es the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_12: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great es the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly

file: 3915-98647-0027.flac
expected: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_2: indevidual instanceas accurin which some of the worst fetures of these custioms armatifiht
	layer_4: individual instance as occuran which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_6: individual instanceas occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_8: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_10: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_12: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified

file: 3915-98647-0028.flac
expected: a case in point is that of the late mister fukuzawa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_2: accaseamndpoint as that of the laghte mister fookhas ava a man whois life as dovoted to the advancement of his country man inmodern ways and who when his def contenued his teaching
	layer_4: a case in point is that of the late mister foocasaa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countryman in modern ways and who an his death continued his teaching
	layer_6: a case and point as that of the late mister fucazaa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countryman in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_8: a case in point is that of the late mister fucazawa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who hen his death continued his teaching
	layer_10: a case in point is that of the late mister fucazawa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who when his death continued his teaching
	layer_12: a case in point is that of the late mister fucazawa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who when his death continued his teaching

file: 3915-98647-0029.flac
expected: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_2: in his will he provided that his body was to be burried without washing ind the clothing in which he did
	layer_4: in his well he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_6: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried withoutwashing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_8: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_10: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_12: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died

file: 3915-98647-0030.flac
expected: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may come in time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_2: throug this growing feeling and mhe unselfishness of maternel effection mayke omman time the reliease from these mornful saremoniuts
	layer_4: through this growing feeling and the unsulfishness of maternal affection make chommon time the release from these mournful saremoneias
	layer_6: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection maye ommon time the release from these mournful ceremonis
	layer_8: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_10: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_12: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonies

file: 3915-98647-0031.flac
expected: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_2: just peofore the procession starts a wrelivge assare mony as held at the house which as attended by the friends of the deseased and which as substantially the same a that erformed at the semmateary
	layer_4: just before the procession starts a relige acaremoney as held at the house which as attended by the friends of the deceased an which is substantially the same a that performed at the semetary
	layer_6: just before the procession starts a religeiou ceremoni as held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_8: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_10: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_12: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery

file: 3915-98647-0032.flac
expected: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it
	layer_2: on the day of the bariel great bunchoes of natural flowers ar sent to the det each bunch so largees to recaire the services f one man to cariat
	layer_4: on the day of the baril great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large s to recire the servicesof one man to cariot
	layer_6: on the day of the buriel great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the deabt each bunch so large as to recire the services of one man to carry it
	layer_8: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the deat each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it
	layer_10: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the debd each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it
	layer_12: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the ded each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it

file: 3915-98647-0033.flac
expected: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniformed coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_2: sometimes with thicgif a man is sent to take part the prosession but if the giverfeel two poor toa higher a man this burdin too falls upon the bareved household for at i coat require s that all flowers sent be born to the graved byunaform coolties who moarch in the funeral tram
	layer_4: sometimes with the gif a man is sent to take partnthe prosession but if the giveer feel two por to higher a man this burden too falls upon the berieved household for eddicate requires that all flowers sent be born too the graved by uniformed coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_6: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giv erfeel two por to hier a man this burden two falls upon the bereved household for ediquete requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniformed coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_8: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_10: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_12: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train

file: 3915-98647-0034.flac
expected: another favorite present at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds to be borne to the grave and released thereon
	layer_2: another favoure presinat this time among boodist is a ccage of living buirds two be born to the grave and wre least their on
	layer_4: another favore presinete this time among budest is o cage of living birds too be born to the grave and were least their on
	layer_6: another favore presedt at this time among buddhests is a cage of living birds too be born to the grave and wrere least there on
	layer_8: another favourite present at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds too be born to the grave and released thereon
	layer_10: another favourite present at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds too be born to the grave and released thereon
	layer_12: another favourite presedent at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds too be born to the grave and released thereon

file: 3915-98647-0035.flac
expected: it seems more like a bridal than a burial
	layer_2: it seemes more like a brid oled than a baril
	layer_4: it seems more like a brid le than a barial
	layer_6: it seems more like a bridle than a burial
	layer_8: it seems more like a bridle than a burial
	layer_10: it seems more like a bridle than a burial
	layer_12: it seems more like a bridle than a burial

file: 3915-98647-0036.flac
expected: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shrine is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_2: during this period the spirid of the decas is suppose to be stil aind habiting the house and it ablit er shrwyin as set up in the def chamber pefore which food and flowers are renewd daily
	layer_4: dearing this period the spirit of the dissceased as supposed to be still inhabiting the house and ittableter shrines set up in the death chamber pefore which food and flowers are renoeed daily
	layer_6: during this period the spirit of the deceased as supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shriness set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers or renewed daily
	layer_8: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shryness set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_10: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shryness set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_12: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shryness set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily

file: 700-122868-0000.flac
expected: of course you must be elaine anne said diana
	layer_2: of cquurset yu must me alane an swai di anam
	layer_4: of course you must be a lain ane sard diana
	layer_6: of course you must be alane anne sid diana
	layer_8: of course you must be alane anne said diana
	layer_10: of course you must be alane anne said diana
	layer_12: of course you must be alane anne said diana

file: 700-122868-0001.flac
expected: of course it would be romantic conceded jane andrews but i know i couldn't keep still
	layer_2: f course it would beyour amantit conseded chan andris but i know that i couldn't keep ston
	layer_4: if course it would be  romantic conceided chaine andries but i know that i couldn't keepstone
	layer_6: of course it would be romantic conceided chain endres but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_8: of course it would be romantic conceted chaine andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_10: of course it would be romantic conceded jhanne andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_12: of course it would be romantic conceded jhane andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone

file: 700-122868-0002.flac
expected: but it's so ridiculous to have a redheaded elaine mourned anne
	layer_2: but its se ard diculust o have a read headetdy lane morned an
	layer_4: but it so ardiculus to have a red head itdy lan morned ann
	layer_6: but it so rdiculous to have a red head any lan mourned anne
	layer_8: but it's so ridiculous to have a red head iny lane mourned anne
	layer_10: but it's so ridiculous to have a red head eny lane mourned anne
	layer_12: but it's so ridiculous to have a red head eny lane mourned anne

file: 700-122868-0003.flac
expected: and elaine was the lily maid
	layer_2: and alane was a lotig ad
	layer_4: and a laine was a loi made
	layer_6: and alane was a loving maide
	layer_8: and elane was a lovig maide
	layer_10: and elane was a living maid
	layer_12: and elaine was a living maid

file: 700-122868-0004.flac
expected: your complexion is just as fair as ruby's said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_2: your conplextion is u sus fair as rubis said dion a earneslay and your hairs ever so much dacer than he use to be before you cuttit
	layer_4: youre complextion is jus is paire s rubis said diana arnesly and your hair s ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_6: youre complexion is just as fair as rubous said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_8: your complexion is just as fair as rubis said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_10: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_12: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it

file: 700-122868-0005.flac
expected: it was splendid to fish for trout over the bridge and the two girls learned to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dory mister barry kept for duck shooting
	layer_2: it was splended de fish for tchat over the brice and the two girl's tloared to rour themselves about in the little flaht bottom dori ths serbvery cep foroductuting
	layer_4: it was splended to fish for crat over the bridghe and the two girls lord to roa themselves about in the little flat bottom dorian miservery kep for ductuting
	layer_6: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls lured to row themselves about in the little flat bottom dor an mister bary kept for duk thuding
	layer_8: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls leurred to row themselves about in the little flat bottome dor and mister berry kept for duck shooting
	layer_10: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls lerned to row themselves about in the little flat bottome dorra and mister berry kept for duck shooting
	layer_12: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls lerned to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dory and mister berry kept for duck shooting

file: 700-122868-0006.flac
expected: it was anne's idea that they dramatize elaine
	layer_2: it was samsity athanthe jormatisalane
	layer_4: it was ans ityer that the dramatizs alen
	layer_6: it was ansidea tht they drometizaline
	layer_8: it was anne's idea that they dramatize aline
	layer_10: it was anne's idea that they dramatize aline
	layer_12: it was anne's idea that they dramatize aline

file: 700-122868-0007.flac
expected: those days she said were so much more romantic than the present
	layer_2: there sday she said ere so muh wor romanti in the present
	layer_4: there's tay she said were so much more romantic in the present
	layer_6: there's day she said were so much more romantic in the present
	layer_8: there'sday she said were so much more romantictan the present
	layer_10: thursday she said were so much more romantic tan the present
	layer_12: thursday she said were so much more romantic than the present

file: 700-122868-0008.flac
expected: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing elaine
	layer_2: they had often gone down mike this and thethink could be more canvenient for playing alane
	layer_4: they had often gone down lmike this and nothink could be more convenient for playing alane
	layer_6: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alane
	layer_8: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing a lane
	layer_10: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing a lane
	layer_12: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing a lane

file: 700-122868-0009.flac
expected: the black shawl having been procured anne spread it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_2: the black shall having meen procarn and spettet over the flat and then lay down hon the bottom with closed eyes and handsful edt over her breast
	layer_4: the black shall having been procarn anne spettet over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and handsfolded over her breast
	layer_6: the black shell having been procuren anne spettert over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_8: the black shell having been procurn anne spet it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_10: the black shell having been procurin anne spread it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_12: the black shell having been procuring anne spread it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast

file: 700-122868-0010.flac
expected: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde was born
	layer_2: it spiles teha fact becaus hissis hundrede of years before missus odn wus porn
	layer_4: it spoiles the effect beause tis is hundreds of years before missus lon besborn
	layer_6: it poils the effect because his is hundreds of years before missus lyndbas born
	layer_8: it spoils the effect because is is hundreds of years before missus lynde was bourn
	layer_10: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde was born
	layer_12: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde was born

file: 700-122868-0011.flac
expected: jane you arrange this
	layer_2: ten urrensies
	layer_4: gen yu renchus
	layer_6: chen yeu renches
	layer_8: ten ye renches
	layer_10: ten eu renches
	layer_12: ten er renches

file: 700-122868-0012.flac
expected: it's silly for elaine to be talking when she's dead
	layer_2: it cilly frelinsto be talking when  sten
	layer_4: it silly frlangd to be talking when she stand
	layer_6: it's silly furlyne to be talking when she stand
	layer_8: it's silly furlaine to be talking when she staied
	layer_10: it's silly furline to be talking when she stad
	layer_12: it's silly furline to be talking when she stand

file: 700-122868-0013.flac
expected: jane rose to the occasion
	layer_2: janerursto the cason
	layer_4: jane rest of the accason
	layer_6: jane rust of the accasion
	layer_8: jane rust to the occasion
	layer_10: jane rust of the occasion
	layer_12: jane rust of the occasion

file: 700-122868-0014.flac
expected: left behind at the landing
	layer_2: thet ehind at the landing
	layer_4: that behind at the landing
	layer_6: that behind it the landing
	layer_8: that behind it a landing
	layer_10: that behind it e landing
	layer_12: that behind it a landing

file: 700-122868-0015.flac
expected: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever heard she was white to the lips but she did not lose her self possession
	layer_2: an give one gasbping little screm whuch noody ever harn she was whiteso the lipts but she did not lose herself posession
	layer_4: and gave one gasping little scream which nobody ofv er hern she was whiteto the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_6: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ofver hearn she was white to the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_8: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hern she was whit to the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_10: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hearn she was white to the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_12: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hern she was white to the lips but she did not lose herself possession

file: 700-122868-0016.flac
expected: there was one chance just one
	layer_2: there was one chanes just one
	layer_4: there is one chance just one
	layer_6: there is one chance just one
	layer_8: there is one chance just one
	layer_10: there is one chance just one
	layer_12: there is one chance just one

file: 700-122868-0017.flac
expected: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_2: and de such shircumstances you on't think rmuntabout making of flowrywe pror
	layer_4: ander such chircumstances you on't think muntch about making a flowr prar
	layer_6: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_8: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_10: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_12: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer

file: 700-122868-0018.flac
expected: the flat drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_2: the fahter ed under the briads and then promply sankon midstren
	layer_4: the flagcttr a under the brids and then promptly sank ind mid strem
	layer_6: the flact tr t od under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_8: the flat drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_10: the flat drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_12: the flat drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream

file: 700-122868-0019.flac
expected: ruby jane and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had not a doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_2: ruby jame and th ana al ready a witting it on the lower head lan sai dt dis sappearebe for their varyeys and had no doutpbut that an hand gone down with it
	layer_4: ruby jame and thana already a waiting it on the lower head lend saw it disapper before ther varyeyes and had no doubt but that anard gone down with it
	layer_6: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before ther vary eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_8: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_10: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_12: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it

file: 700-122868-0020.flac
expected: the minutes passed by each seeming an hour to the unfortunate lily maid
	layer_2: taminutes pass by es siming lican hour to the infortunate lilyman
	layer_4: the minutes pass by es seeming like an hour to the infortunate lily made
	layer_6: the minutes passed by he' seeming like an hour to the infortunate lily mad
	layer_8: the minutes pass by he's seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lily maid
	layer_10: the minutes pass by he's seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lilymaid
	layer_12: the minutes pass by he's seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lilymaid

file: 700-122868-0021.flac
expected: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_2: why din sommodye come wer ad the girl's gon
	layer_4: whadin somebody come were had the girl's gone
	layer_6: whytdin somebody come were had the girls gone
	layer_8: why didn't somebody come wer had the girls gone
	layer_10: why didn't somebody come her had the girls gone
	layer_12: why didn't somebody come her had the girls gone

file: 700-122868-0022.flac
expected: her imagination began to suggest all manner of gruesome possibilities to her
	layer_2: hor aginationd begin tosaggest all man e f crus om possibilitysto her
	layer_4: he magination begin to suggest all manno of crusom possibilities to her
	layer_6: her magination begin to suggest all menner of grewsome possibilities to her
	layer_8: her imagination began to suggest all manner of gruwesome possibilities to her
	layer_10: her imagination began to suggest all manner of gruesome possibilities to her
	layer_12: her imagination began to suggest all manner of gruesome possibilities to her

file: 700-122868-0023.flac
expected: anne shirley
	layer_2: annd serly
	layer_4: and sirly
	layer_6: ane sirley
	layer_8: anne shirley
	layer_10: anne shirley
	layer_12: anne shirley

file: 700-122868-0024.flac
expected: how on earth did you get there he exclaimed
	layer_2: howan earto jouet up ther haink claimed
	layer_4: how on earhajuit up there heinxsclaimed
	layer_6: how on earth a juet up there he enxclaimed
	layer_8: how on earth a jueat up there he exclaimed
	layer_10: how on earth are you eat up there he exclaimed
	layer_12: how on earth are you eet up there he exclaimed

file: 700-122868-0025.flac
expected: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_2: it was certainly extrienely difficut to be dignifind undeor the circumsanciecs
	layer_4: it was certainly extrenely difficult to be dignifind under the circumstances
	layer_6: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignifined under the circumstances
	layer_8: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignifined under the circumstances
	layer_10: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_12: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances

file: 700-122868-0026.flac
expected: what has happened anne
	layer_2: wha as happendan
	layer_4: what is happened dan
	layer_6: what is happen dan
	layer_8: what has happene dan
	layer_10: what has happened dan
	layer_12: what has happened dan

file: 700-122868-0027.flac
expected: asked gilbert taking up his oars
	layer_2: a's golwart taking uphrosors
	layer_4: at'sd gilbert taking up is ors
	layer_6: asksd gilbert taking up his ors
	layer_8: asked gilbert taking up as oures
	layer_10: asked gilbert taking up his oares
	layer_12: asked gilbert taking up his oars

file: 700-122868-0028.flac
expected: we were playing elaine explained anne frigidly without even looking at her rescuer and i had to drift down to camelot in the barge i mean the flat
	layer_2: we wre plying in lane explained and fredtethy without even loking at her bruscuo and i had to drift down to came ot in the barge aning the fiht
	layer_4: we were playing in lane explained and frtdiley without even looking at her buscure and a had to drift down to camwat in the barge aning the foght
	layer_6: we were playing inlane explained anne frguly without even looking at her brusqcueo and a had to drift down to camoot in the barge imean the fogt
	layer_8: we were playing i lane explained anne frigily without even looking at her rusquow and i had to drift down to camoot in the barge imean the fot
	layer_10: we were playing in lane explained anne frigily without even looking at her busqureu and i had to drift down to camoot in the barge i mean the fot
	layer_12: we were playing in lane explained anne frigily without even looking at her busqureu and i had to drift down to camoot in the barge i mean the fot

file: 700-122868-0029.flac
expected: for a moment anne hesitated
	layer_2: for momen an hasithadim
	layer_4: fora moment ane hesitat him
	layer_6: for a moment anne hesitate him
	layer_8: for moment anne hesitate him
	layer_10: for a moment ann hesitate him
	layer_12: for a moment ann hesitate him

file: 700-122868-0030.flac
expected: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_2: her hart geve a quick quar little be
	layer_4: her heart gave a quick quear little bea
	layer_6: her heart gave a quick queer little be
	layer_8: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_10: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_12: her heart gave a quick queer little beat

file: 700-122868-0031.flac
expected: her resentment which to other and older people might be as laughable as its cause was in no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_2: her resent men which to other an aulderpeopble might bes laugf ablas its cause was a no wit alayd and sotend by time semingly
	layer_4: her resentmen which to other an ulder people might be s laughable as its cause was a no wit alaid and softened by time semingly
	layer_6: her resentment which to other an ulder people might be slaugable as its cause was a no wit alaid and softened by time seemingly
	layer_8: her resentment which to other in older people might be slaughable as its cause was a no whit ellayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_10: her resentment which to other  older people might be as laughable as its cause was a no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_12: her resentment which to other e older people might be as laughable as its cause was a no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly

file: 700-122868-0032.flac
expected: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blythe and i don't want to be
	layer_2: no she said caldly i shall never my friend with thewu gob ert blife and i' don't an to be
	layer_4: no she said caledlig i shall never me friends with you gilber blife and i don't want to be
	layer_6: no she said coldly i shall never me friends with you gilbert life and i don't want to be
	layer_8: no she said coldly i shall never me friends with you gilbert lyfe and i don't want to be
	layer_10: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blythe and i don't want to be
	layer_12: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blythe and i don't want to be

file: 700-122868-0033.flac
expected: all right
	layer_2: a ri
	layer_4: all riht
	layer_6: all right
	layer_8: all right
	layer_10: all right
	layer_12: all right

file: 700-122868-0034.flac
expected: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_2: i'll nevber ask yu to befrends again an srly an i don'tl carr yother
	layer_4: i'll never ask you to be frends again anne shiarley and i don't carey either
	layer_6: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirlie and i don't care either
	layer_8: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne sharley and i don't care either
	layer_10: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_12: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either

file: 700-122868-0035.flac
expected: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_2: of qourset he had in sltedrd terrebly but stll
	layer_4: of cours he had insulted her teribly but still
	layer_6: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_8: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_10: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_12: of course he had insulted her terribly but still

file: 700-122868-0036.flac
expected: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into a scrape
	layer_2: iverything i do you gets me or my teearus friandsinto  scap
	layer_4: iverything i dou gets me or my dears friens into ascape
	layer_6: everything idoa get me or my dearest friends into escape
	layer_8: everything i do get me or my dearest friends into escape
	layer_10: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into escape
	layer_12: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into escape

file: 700-122868-0037.flac
expected: anne's presentiment proved more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to do
	layer_2: ands presentiment proof more ctres werthy then precentiments are apto de
	layer_4: ann'd perecentiment provf more trus worthy than pecentiments are aptidea
	layer_6: anne's per sentiment prove more trustworthy than per sentiments are aptide
	layer_8: anne's pere sentiment prove more trustworthy than pre sentiments are apto de
	layer_10: anne's presentiment prove more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to dea
	layer_12: anne's presentiment prove more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to da

file: 700-122868-0038.flac
expected: will you ever have any sense anne groaned marilla
	layer_2: bill you ever haveany sence an grom mralla
	layer_4: will you ever have any sense ane grimarilla
	layer_6: will you ever have any sense anne gro marilla
	layer_8: will you ever have any sense anne groaned marilla
	layer_10: will you ever have any sense anne groaned marilla
	layer_12: will you ever have any sense anne groaned marilla

file: 700-122868-0039.flac
expected: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_2: i don't say how said mirlla
	layer_4: i don't seae how said marilla
	layer_6: i don't seey how said marilla
	layer_8: i don't seey how said marilla
	layer_10: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_12: i don't see how said marilla

file: 700-122868-0040.flac
expected: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_2: ever sencse i came to gren gables i'veen makging mistaks and ecfmestake he elp to carme of som great sort coming
	layer_4: ever simce i came to grengables i'veben making misteks an each mistake haselpe to car me of some great short coming
	layer_6: ever since i came to green gables i'vebeen making mistakes an each mistake ha shelped to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_8: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_10: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_12: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming

file: 700-122867-0000.flac
expected: vanity and vexation of spirit
	layer_2: banity invexation thof sprent
	layer_4: vanety invexation of sprient
	layer_6: vanity and vexation of spirit
	layer_8: vanity and vexation of spirit
	layer_10: vanity and vexation of spirit
	layer_12: vanity and vexation of spirit

file: 700-122867-0001.flac
expected: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla's sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_2: the s ping was a brod on the land and merilus sober midnae lage step was lighter and swifter because of itsteep primol glidness
	layer_4: the spring was a broad in the land and marilus sober middlelaged step was ligter and swifter because of its teep primal glidness
	layer_6: the spring was abroad in the land and marilus sober middledaged step was lighter and swifter because of its teep primal gladness
	layer_8: the spring was abroad in the land and marillas sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_10: the spring was abroad in the land and marillas sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_12: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness

file: 700-122867-0002.flac
expected: i must say with all her faults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_2: i musst say with haull her faughts i never fund hered disappetion or untrust whord tly before and amd reall srd to finder so now
	layer_4: i must say with all her foughts i never found her disipedient or untrust wordly before and i'm real sorry to find er so now
	layer_6: i must say with all her foughts i never found her disoppedient or untrustwordly before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_8: i must say with all her faughts i never found her disoppediet or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_10: i must say with all her faults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_12: i must say with all her faults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now

file: 700-122867-0003.flac
expected: perhaps you're judging her too hasty marilla
	layer_2: perhapthere jogin her two hastileamg merilla
	layer_4: perhaptser judgene her too hastileam marilla
	layer_6: perhaps your judging her too hastili marilla
	layer_8: perhaps you're judging her too hastily marilla
	layer_10: perhaps you're judging her too hastily marilla
	layer_12: perhaps you're judging her too hastily marilla

file: 700-122867-0004.flac
expected: of course i knew you'd take her part matthew but i'm bringing her up not you
	layer_2: the qurse i kne you take her part methyo but i'm bring your up not youm
	layer_4: of cuourse i knew you take her part matthi but i'm bring your up not you
	layer_6: of course i knew you take her part matthie but i m bring yoeurup not you
	layer_8: of course i kneew you take her part matthew but i am bring your up not you
	layer_10: of course i kneew you take her part matthew but i am bringig your up not you
	layer_12: of course i knew you take her part matthew but i 'm bring your up not you

file: 700-122867-0005.flac
expected: demanded marilla anxiously going over to the bed
	layer_2: dermendodn maralla anxtosley going over tof the bad
	layer_4: demendid rrila anxosly going overto the bad
	layer_6: demended arilla anxiously going over to the bad
	layer_8: demended marilla anxiously going over to the bed
	layer_10: demended marilla anxiously going over to the bed
	layer_12: demended marilla anxiously going over to the bed

file: 700-122867-0006.flac
expected: anne cowered deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself forever from mortal eyes no
	layer_2: an cowerd deeper into her pillas as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_4: anne cowar deeper into her pillas as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_6: anne cowared deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_8: anne cowared deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_10: anne cowered deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself forever from mortal eyes no
	layer_12: anne cowared deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself forever from mortal eyes no

file: 700-122867-0007.flac
expected: get right up this minute and tell me
	layer_2: get right op fis mite in tell me
	layer_4: get riht a phis mitte in tell me
	layer_6: get righte u thismitted un tel me
	layer_8: get right up this minute and tell me
	layer_10: get right up this minute and tell me
	layer_12: get right up this minute and tell me

file: 700-122867-0008.flac
expected: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_2: this minant i saiy tha no what is it
	layer_4: this minute i say thee now what ois it
	layer_6: this minute i say theyre now what is it
	layer_8: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_10: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_12: this minute i say there now what is it

file: 700-122867-0009.flac
expected: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_2: and hade sled to the for in desparing abediene
	layer_4: and had slid to the floor indesparing obedience
	layer_6: ane had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_8: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_10: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_12: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience

file: 700-122867-0010.flac
expected: yes it's green moaned anne
	layer_2: yes its gren moundan
	layer_4: yes its green mondane
	layer_6: yes it's green mondand
	layer_8: yes it's green modan
	layer_10: yes it's green mondan
	layer_12: yes it's green mondan

file: 700-122867-0011.flac
expected: i thought nothing could be as bad as red hair
	layer_2: i fhoutenothing couand be as bodtas reda hair
	layer_4: i thouhtin othing could be as bod as red ahair
	layer_6: i thouht  nothing could be as bod as red hair
	layer_8: i thought nothing could be as bad as red hair
	layer_10: i thought nothing could be as bad as red hair
	layer_12: i thought nothing could be as bad as red hair

file: 700-122867-0012.flac
expected: you haven't got into any scrape for over two months and i was sure another one was due
	layer_2: y oven goten intony scraht for ever to mont and i was serenother one was da
	layer_4: hyou hven gotten intuny scrape for over two mont and i was sure nother one was de
	layer_6: you hveenmt gottan into ny scrape forover two mont and i was sure another one was du
	layer_8: you hven't gott n into any scrape for over two monts and i was sure another one was due
	layer_10: you haven't goten into any scrape for over two months and i was sure another one was due
	layer_12: you haven't gotten into any scrape for over two months and i was sure another one was due

file: 700-122867-0013.flac
expected: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_2: nothen what doe you do t your hair
	layer_4: now then what doid you do to your har
	layer_6: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_8: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_10: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_12: now then what did you do to your hair

file: 700-122867-0014.flac
expected: anne shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do
	layer_2: and shurly tinming you know it was wickad fhing to do
	layer_4: and surely didning you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_6: and sirly didn't you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_8: and shirley didn't you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_10: ane shirley didn't you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_12: ande shirley didn't you know it was wicked thing to do

file: 700-122867-0015.flac
expected: yes i knew it was a little wicked admitted anne
	layer_2: yes i kne was a little wick en and minted an
	layer_4: yes i knewit was a little wicken and mitted anne
	layer_6: yes i knew it was a little wicken admitted anne
	layer_8: yes i knew it was a little wicken admitted anne
	layer_10: yes i knew it was a little wicket admitted anne
	layer_12: yes i knew it was a little wicket admitted anne

file: 700-122867-0016.flac
expected: i know what it feels like to have your word doubted
	layer_2: i know un if fels ike to have your word dat in
	layer_4: i know ot it feels like to have your word datden
	layer_6: i know hat it feels like to heave your word aded
	layer_8: i knowhat it feels like to heave your words added
	layer_10: i know what it feels like to have your words added
	layer_12: i know what it feels like to have your words addedn

file: 700-122867-0017.flac
expected: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not
	layer_2: in missus alen says we should never tuspect anyone of not telling as the truth andlesst we have proufart ther not
	layer_4: and missus allan says we shou never suspect any one of not telling us the truth un less be have prof hather not
	layer_6: and missus allan says we should never suspect any one of not telling us tho truth unless we have proof hat they're not
	layer_8: and missus allan says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proof hat they're not
	layer_10: and missus allen says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not
	layer_12: and missus allan says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not

file: 700-122867-0018.flac
expected: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_2: butyi hanan then and i believed everyword he said implisientely
	layer_4: but i hadn'd then and i believed every word he said implicatly
	layer_6: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_8: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_10: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_12: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly

file: 700-122867-0019.flac
expected: who said who are you talking about
	layer_2: ho sain hor you turking about
	layer_4: who saine hore you taing about
	layer_6: who said hare you talking about
	layer_8: who said whore you talking about
	layer_10: who said where you talking about
	layer_12: who said whe're you talking about

file: 700-122867-0020.flac
expected: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_2: oh i didnt' let him in the house
	layer_4: oh i didnt let him in the house
	layer_6: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_8: o i didn't let him in the house
	layer_10: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_12: o i didn't let him in the house

file: 700-122867-0021.flac
expected: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_2: in a trise i saw miself ith beautifore ravan black hair and the timptation was arsistabln
	layer_4: in a trices i saw iself with beautiful rav and black hair and the temptation wass erresistiblel
	layer_6: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful rave and black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_8: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raveen black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_10: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_12: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible

file: 700-122867-0022.flac
expected: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive
	layer_2: oor rile what iatangled wea we wev hen frest we practice to to seive
	layer_4: oerrilla what a tangled we we weave when frest we practise to deceive
	layer_6: o arila what a tangled web we weve when frist we practised to deceive
	layer_8: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when frist we practise to deceive
	layer_10: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when frist we practiced to deceive
	layer_12: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when frist we practiced to deceive

file: 700-122867-0023.flac
expected: your hair must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_2: youhar must be cult off there is now erther want yhe can' go out withat loikin lige that
	layer_4: you hear mis be cut off there i's no other way you ca't go out with at looking lighe tat
	layer_6: you her mis be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with i looking likethat
	layer_8: you hear must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_10: your hair must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_12: your hair must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that

file: 700-122867-0024.flac
expected: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors
	layer_2: with a disma sihe she went for the sissist
	layer_4: with a dismol sighs she went for the cisorct
	layer_6: with a dismal sigh she went for the cissers
	layer_8: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors
	layer_10: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors
	layer_12: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors

file: 700-122867-0025.flac
expected: but there is nothing comforting in having your hair cut off because you've dyed it a dreadful color is there
	layer_2: but there wis nothing comeforting and having your hair could ofv becaus yo've dided at doudful color is the
	layer_4: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair coult ofvf because you've dited a dreudful color is there
	layer_6: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've died ed a dreadful color is thee
	layer_8: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off becauseyou've died it a dreadful color is there
	layer_10: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've dyed it a dreadful color is there
	layer_12: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've dyed it a dreadful color is there

file: 700-122867-0026.flac
expected: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_2: i'm gen to greep all the time ye cutting it off if it one anter fear
	layer_4: i'm gent toa reep all the time your cutting it off if it want intirfer
	layer_6: i'm going to weep all the time your cutting it off if it won't interfer
	layer_8: i'm going to weep all the time you'r cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_10: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_12: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere

file: 700-122867-0027.flac
expected: it seems such a tragic thing
	layer_2: it seeme s te to tradic thing
	layer_4: it seemed that totratic thing
	layer_6: it seemes the atratic thing
	layer_8: it seemes shac a tratic thing
	layer_10: it seems thuh a traic thing
	layer_12: it seems thach a traic thing

file: 700-122867-0028.flac
expected: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with despair
	layer_2: and wep then but lather on when she went upstairs an looks in the glass she was calm met so spa
	layer_4: and wept then but lather on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm winth to spag
	layer_6: ane wept then but lat her on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with to spa
	layer_8: anne wept then but lad her on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with tospar
	layer_10: anne wept then but lat her on when she went up stairs and looked in the glass she was calm with to spar
	layer_12: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with to spar

file: 700-122867-0029.flac
expected: yes i will too
	layer_2: yes i well tou
	layer_4: yes i will to
	layer_6: yes i will too
	layer_8: yes i will too
	layer_10: yes i will too
	layer_12: yes i will too

file: 700-122867-0030.flac
expected: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_2: i niever thouht i was a vain about my hair of allthings but now i knowi was and spit if its bing rede because if a siol long and fhick end curlyn
	layer_4: i never thought i was avaign about my hair of all things but now i know i was an spite of its being red because it a si long and thick and curly
	layer_6: i never thought i was a vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because if as so long and thick and curly
	layer_8: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_10: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_12: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly

file: 700-122867-0031.flac
expected: i expect something will happen to my nose next
	layer_2: i xpects omething hawm welhap end to my nas nexd
	layer_4: i expect something ha wiee happ end to my now is next
	layer_6: i expect something lam will happen to my nos next
	layer_8: i expect something am will happen to my nose next
	layer_10: i expect something laam will happen to my nose next
	layer_12: i expect something la'am will happen to my nose next

file: 700-122867-0032.flac
expected: anne's clipped head made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josie pye who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_2: ans clept ted madeicsensationan scooln the following menday but to her relief nobot y gest the ral reason for t not even justy py who however did not failed to on form an that she lookd like a perfect scarcro
	layer_4: anne'sclipe tead made i s ensation ind school in the following menday but to her relief nobody guss the real reason for it not even juste pie who however did not failed to inform annt that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_6: annes clipped ted made a sensation in school in the following monday but to her relief nobody guesse the real reason for it not even joste pie who however did not fail to inform aunt that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_8: anne's clippdtead made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even jostepye who however did not fail to inform aunt that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_10: anne's cliped tead made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even jose py who however did not fail to inform aunt that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_12: anne's clip tead made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josepy who however did not fail to inform aunt that she looked like a perfect scarecrow

file: 700-122867-0033.flac
expected: it's hard to be told you look like a scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't
	layer_2: it's hard to be told you tooklicke a scaref ke scarcro and i ont ent to sae then thing back but i did it
	layer_4: it's hard to be told you look like a scareh ki scarecrow and i wanted to say e than thing back but i did it
	layer_6: it's hard to be told you lookelike a scareft kit scarecrow and i wanted to sa e them thing back but i did it
	layer_8: it's hard to be told you look like a scare  scarecrow and i wanted to say some thing back but i did 't
	layer_10: it's hard to be told you looked like a scarescarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i did it
	layer_12: it's hard to be told you looked like a scarescarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i did it

file: 700-122867-0034.flac
expected: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_2: imake she feel very virt uous we yo forgive people dos'n iet
	layer_4: i make she feell very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_6: i makes syeu feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_8: i makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_10: i makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_12: i makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it

file: 700-122867-0035.flac
expected: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_2: i mente d evoel all my inerges to bein god after this and i shall never tri to be beautiful again
	layer_4: i meante devote all my inergies to beeng good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_6: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_8: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_10: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_12: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again

file: 700-122867-0036.flac
expected: of course it's better to be good
	layer_2: of courses its betterd to be gt
	layer_4: of courses it's better to e goot
	layer_6: of course it's better to be good
	layer_8: of course it's better to be good
	layer_10: of course it's better to be good
	layer_12: of course it's better to be good

file: 700-122867-0037.flac
expected: i do really want to be good marilla like you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_2: i doo really want to be goodnmorlla the you and missus alim and mistasty and gr up to be a qrei to you
	layer_4: i do really want to be goodn mirilla theke you and missus alum ad missdasy and grw up to be acretdit to you
	layer_6: i do really want to be good nd marilla thake you and missus allum and mis sdasy and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_8: i do really want to be good n marilla thakte you and missus allam and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_10: i do really want to be good marilla that you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_12: i do really want to be good marilla that you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you

file: 700-122867-0038.flac
expected: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_2: diane a says when my harbe cansto gro to tiro black avevthit ribin a round my had toth the bot one site
	layer_4: diana says when my hairbegins to grow to tiro black avelvet ribbon around my head with a boa it one side
	layer_6: diona says when my hairbegins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_8: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_10: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_12: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side

file: 700-122867-0039.flac
expected: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic
	layer_2: i will colit a snewd that soun so eremantick
	layer_4: i wil colit a snewed that sound so remantic
	layer_6: i will call it a snooed that sound so romantic
	layer_8: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic
	layer_10: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic
	layer_12: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic

file: 700-122867-0040.flac
expected: my head is better now
	layer_2: my had his better now
	layer_4: my hed is better know
	layer_6: my head is better know
	layer_8: my head is better know
	layer_10: my head is better now
	layer_12: my head is better now

file: 700-122867-0041.flac
expected: it was terrible bad this afternoon though
	layer_2: itias teibled boy the safternan the
	layer_4: is terrible by the s afternoone thou
	layer_6: it wias terrible by this afternoon though
	layer_8: it was terrible by this afternoon though
	layer_10: it was terrible by this afternoon though
	layer_12: it was terrible by this afternoon though

file: 700-122866-0000.flac
expected: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_2: juyour aven lea founded har te set 'le down to hum jram ag isthance again
	layer_4: juniour aven leave founded hard e settle down to humdrumax istance again
	layer_6: junior avenleave found id hard to settle down tho hum drum existence again
	layer_8: junior avon leave found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_10: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_12: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again

file: 700-122866-0001.flac
expected: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concerts spoil people for everyday life
	layer_2: perhaps after wile 'lgi use to it but im afraid contred spil people for everydaid life
	layer_4: perhaps after a while illget used to it but i'm afraid conterd spoil people for ever dayd life
	layer_6: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid contord spoil people for everydayd life
	layer_8: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid contered spoil people for everyday life
	layer_10: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i am afraid counterds spoil people for everyday life
	layer_12: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but iam afraid counter'd's spoil people for everyday life

file: 700-122866-0002.flac
expected: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them
	layer_2: a s uppose at his wime erilla disappruees of them
	layer_4: i suppose tat his wi ame rrilla disapprovse of them
	layer_6: i suppose that is why amarilla disapprove of them
	layer_8: i suppose that is why a marilla disapproves of them
	layer_10: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them
	layer_12: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them

file: 700-122866-0003.flac
expected: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_2: i feel just now that i may girow up to be sensible yet
	layer_4: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sinsible yet
	layer_6: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_8: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_10: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_12: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet

file: 700-122866-0004.flac
expected: i just lay awake and imagined the concert over and over again
	layer_2: i dos lay awak n a magine the contrt over an over aga
	layer_4: i to slay awakeen imagine the conctort over and over agan
	layer_6: i juslay awakeand imagine the contert over and over again
	layer_8: i justlay awakeand imagine the concert over and over again
	layer_10: i just lay awake and imagine the concert over and over again
	layer_12: i just lay awake and imagine the concert over and over again

file: 700-122866-0005.flac
expected: eventually however avonlea school slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_2: eventually hievrom avenlyschous slipped back in to its all growve and took up its olld interests
	layer_4: eventually hwhevrom avenly schol slipped back into its all groove and took up its old interests
	layer_6: eventually howeeverom avonly school slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_8: eventually however avonleay school slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_10: eventually however avonlea school slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_12: eventually however avonleas school slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests

file: 700-122866-0006.flac
expected: none of the sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the program and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_2: nenother slones wutd have anydeailings with the bows because the bewls ad declare that the slones had two much to do in the prrgran and the slones had retorted that the belws whe i capable ofbdoing the littld they had to de proprtly
	layer_4: non other slones would have any dealings with the bels because the bells had declared that the slones had twoo much to do in the prergrond and the slones had retorted that the bells whe i capable ofduing the little they had to do properly
	layer_6: noneother sloans would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the slones had too much to do in the progrom and the slones had retorted that the bells were ot capable ofdoing the little they had to do properly
	layer_8: none other sloans would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programe and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_10: none other sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programme and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_12: none o ther sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the belles had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programme and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly

file: 700-122866-0007.flac
expected: the winter weeks slipped by
	layer_2: the wenter week slip bye
	layer_4: the winter week slip by
	layer_6: the winter week slip by
	layer_8: the winter week slipped by
	layer_10: the winter week slip by
	layer_12: the winter week slip by

file: 700-122866-0008.flac
expected: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all their chatter for miss stacy had told them that they must soon write a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_2: onans breath day they were triping lightly donnit keeping eyes an ear's a lert ad mid all the chatamn fer mistaty had told them hathey mas soon red accomposition on a winters walk in the woods and it be hoved them to be observment
	layer_4: on ane's birathday they were tripping lightly don it keeping eyes and ears a lert a mid all the chatam fer misstaty had told them thathey must soon reda composition on a winters walk in the woods and it behoved them to be observant
	layer_6: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chatam for miss stasy had told them that they must soon read a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_8: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chattam for miss stacy had told them that they must soon reade a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behoved them to be observant
	layer_10: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chatam for miss stacy had told them that they must soon riate a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_12: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chatham for miss stacy had told them that they must soon reade a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant

file: 700-122866-0009.flac
expected: i can scarcely realize that i'm in my teens
	layer_2: i canscarcey realizeat am in myg teens
	layer_4: i can scarcely realize hat am in my teens
	layer_6: i can scarcely realize it amin my teens
	layer_8: i can scarcely realize it am in my teens
	layer_10: i can scarcely realize it amin my teens
	layer_12: i can scarcely realize it amin my teens

file: 700-122866-0010.flac
expected: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_2: it' h creat comefort to think that ill be able tshes big words then withoutpbeing laugh i
	layer_4: it's a greak comfort to think that ill be able toe s big words then without being laughedi
	layer_6: it's a great comfort to think that ill be able to ous big words then without being laughed ot
	layer_8: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_10: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_12: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at

file: 700-122866-0011.flac
expected: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but beaus said anne disdainfully
	layer_2: rel be glla s things of nothing but bas said anderstame fling
	layer_4: reulby gillas thinks af nothing but both said andestamefulling
	layer_6: reulby gillas thinks of nothing but bosh said an desdainefully
	layer_8: reuby gillis thinks of nothing but bot said annedisdanfully
	layer_10: reuby gillis thinks of nothing but both said anne disdainfully
	layer_12: reuby gillis thinks of nothing but both said anne disdainfully

file: 700-122866-0012.flac
expected: she's actually delighted when anyone writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mad
	layer_2: she's actuallea delighted wheren anin whone rigts her niam up in at take nortuce for all she pretens to be sai min
	layer_4: she's actually delighted werenin when rights her nim up in o take nortice for all she pretends to be so min
	layer_6: she is actually delighted whene n in one writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mine
	layer_8: she is actually delighted when in won writes her name up i a take notice for all she pretends to be so mine
	layer_10: she is actually delighted when anyone writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mine
	layer_12: she is actually delighted when any one writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mine

file: 700-122866-0013.flac
expected: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she's perfect
	layer_2: 'm ting to be as much like missus aleon as i possibly cain for i think she 's perfect
	layer_4: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think she is perfect
	layer_6: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think she is perfect
	layer_8: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she's perfect
	layer_10: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she'is perfect
	layer_12: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think sheis perfect

file: 700-122866-0014.flac
expected: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_2: if i had alas bells criket's nos said aned dercitedly i would in't but there
	layer_4: if i had alice bells crookeds nose said anedecidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_6: if i had alice bells crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_8: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_10: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_12: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there

file: 700-122866-0015.flac
expected: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_2: and efriahtythink to much a bout my knos avery sence i heard that complimin abot at long a go
	layer_4: i'm efriyd y think too much about my knos afe rsince i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_6: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_8: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_10: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_12: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago

file: 700-122866-0016.flac
expected: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_2: oh daiana thook thi's ar rabbit
	layer_4: oh diana look there's arrabit
	layer_6: oh diana look there's a rabit
	layer_8: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_10: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_12: oh diana look there's a rabbit

file: 700-122866-0017.flac
expected: they're so white and still as if they were asleep and dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_2: theye so whit in still as if they wer ea sleep aen dreaming pretty drems
	layer_4: there so white an still as if they were a sleep an dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_6: they'e so white and still as if they were asleep and dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_8: the're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_10: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_12: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams

file: 700-122866-0018.flac
expected: i wrote it last monday evening
	layer_2: i woug d at last monda evening
	layer_4: i wougt at last monday evening
	layer_6: i wroade at last monday evening
	layer_8: i wrote at last monday evening
	layer_10: i wrote it last monday evening
	layer_12: i wrote it last monday evening

file: 700-122866-0019.flac
expected: it's called the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_2: its calet the jealous rivle or in deaf not deviten
	layer_4: its callet the jealous rrival or in deafh not dividen
	layer_6: its callt the jealous rival or in deafh not divided
	layer_8: its callet the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_10: its called the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_12: its called the jealous rival or in death not divided

file: 700-122866-0020.flac
expected: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense
	layer_2: i readed tom a rilla and she said it was stuff in nonsens
	layer_4: i readde to marilla and she said it was stuff in nonsense
	layer_6: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff in nonsense
	layer_8: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense
	layer_10: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense
	layer_12: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense

file: 700-122866-0021.flac
expected: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_2: it a sad sweet story
	layer_4: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_6: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_8: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_10: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_12: it's a sad sweet story

file: 700-122866-0022.flac
expected: cordelia was a regal brunette with a coronet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_2: cordeliar was a vregl burnnet with a cornet of midnight hare and dusly flashing eyes
	layer_4: cordlia was a regal br net with a cornette of middnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_6: cordelia was a regal bunete with a cornete of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_8: cordelia was a regal brunette with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_10: cordelia was a regal brunette with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_12: cordelia was a regal brunette with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes

file: 700-122866-0023.flac
expected: you know so much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_2: you no sd e much more than yo ded when you wer only toiouvh
	layer_4: you knowste much more than you did when you ear only twolvh
	layer_6: you know stl much more than you did when you were only twalfe
	layer_8: you know still much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_10: you know still much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_12: you know stillmuch more than you did when you were only twelve

file: 700-122866-0024.flac
expected: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_2: they grew anbeautye side by side entil they ere sixten
	layer_4: they grew and beautys side by side until they were sixteenm
	layer_6: they grew in beautyes side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_8: they grew in beautys side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_10: they grew in beautys side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_12: they grew in beautys side by side until they were sixteen

file: 700-122866-0025.flac
expected: i asked ruby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she'd likely be an authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_2: i as t re be gillus ifshenewanything about hom men prpse becue i thought she'd likely beeing ta thorty on the subjec having so aony sister's marriet
	layer_4: i asked re by gillus if she knewanything about how men brposed because i thought she likely being authority on the subject having so many sister's married
	layer_6: i asked reby gillis if she knew anything about how men propose because i thought she likely ben authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_8: i asked riby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she likely be in authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_10: i asked ruby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she likely beiang authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_12: i asked ruby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she likely bein authority on the subject having so many sisters married

file: 700-122866-0026.flac
expected: but she pretended to be geraldine's friend the same as ever
	layer_2: but she pretended to be jarlediancs friandthe same is ever
	layer_4: but she pretended to be jaildyance friend the same as ever
	layer_6: but she pretended to be jeildan's friend the same as ever
	layer_8: but she pretended to be jaildan's friend the same as ever
	layer_10: but she pretended to be gaialdne's friend the same as ever
	layer_12: but she pretended to be gaildine's friend the same as ever

file: 700-122866-0027.flac
expected: let you and me have a story club all our own and write stories for practice
	layer_2: let't  yui me have a story club oloron and right storious frer practice
	layer_4: let'st you nd me have a story club allar on and rite storious for practice
	layer_6: let's you and me have a story club all or on and rite stories for practice
	layer_8: let's you and me have a story club all are own and write stories for practice
	layer_10: let's you and me have a story club all ar own and write stories for practice
	layer_12: let's you and me have a story club all ar own and write stories for practice

file: 700-122866-0028.flac
expected: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stacy says so
	layer_2: yo ught to cut vat youre mangination you kno mistasy says so
	layer_4: you ought to caughtivat your imagination you know mistacy says so
	layer_6: you aught to cult vate your imagination you know mis dasy says so
	layer_8: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss dacy says so
	layer_10: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss sasy says so
	layer_12: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss dtasy says so

file: 700-122866-0029.flac
expected: only we must take the right way
	layer_2: onlyg we musticke the rightwhe
	layer_4: only we must take the right where
	layer_6: only we must take the right way
	layer_8: only we must take the right way
	layer_10: only we must take the right way
	layer_12: only we must take the right way

file: 700-122866-0030.flac
expected: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_2: this was how the story cle came ont anxsistence
	layer_4: this was how the story club came into axsistence
	layer_6: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_8: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_10: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_12: this was how the story club came into existence

file: 700-122866-0031.flac
expected: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis opined that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_2: no boyce we aloud in it all theug wrubi gilus a pin that ther admission would make et mork citing an each member had to prtec one story o mek
	layer_4: no boys were allowed in it although rouby gilus apine that their admission would make it more esciting an each member had to poduce one story oweek
	layer_6: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis a pine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_8: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis a pine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_10: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis apine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_12: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis a pine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week

file: 700-122866-0032.flac
expected: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_2: ea girlast to reader story outloud and then me talk et over
	layer_4: each girl as te read her story outloud and then me talk it over
	layer_6: each girl has to read her story outloud and then we talk it over
	layer_8: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_10: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_12: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over

file: 700-122866-0033.flac
expected: mine is rosamond montmorency all the girls do pretty well
	layer_2: mynis rosamond mond morsere all the grels sy prety bout
	layer_4: minis rosemond montmorser allthe girlse pretty bout
	layer_6: mine is rosa mond montemorseri all the girl see pretty wout
	layer_8: mine is rosamonde montemorcerey all the girl se pretty wow
	layer_10: mine is rosamond montmorceri all the girls see pretty well
	layer_12: mine is rosamond mont morceri all the girls see pretty well

file: 700-122866-0034.flac
expected: i'm sure that must have a wholesome effect
	layer_2: amd sur that must have le hols im thof fat
	layer_4: i'm sure that must have e holes im e ffect
	layer_6: i'm sure that must have a holesome efflect
	layer_8: i am sure that must have a wholesome effect
	layer_10: i am sure that must have a wholesome effect
	layer_12: i am sure that must have a wholesome effect

file: 700-122866-0035.flac
expected: the moral is the great thing mister allan says so
	layer_2: the morlwas the great hing misteralan saeysso
	layer_4: the morlwas the great thing mister elansays so
	layer_6: the mor was the great thing mister ellan says so
	layer_8: the mor was the great thing mister ellen says so
	layer_10: the more was the great thing mister ellen says so
	layer_12: the more was the great thing mister ellen says so

file: 700-122866-0036.flac
expected: i read one of my stories to him and missus allan and they both agreed that the moral was excellent
	layer_2: i rad ene o my storis to hem ind missus allen and theya bothogree that the morl as exceient
	layer_4: i read one of my storis to him ind missus alan and they both agree that the moral was excellent
	layer_6: i read one of my stories to him in missus allen and they both agree that the moral was excellent
	layer_8: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agree that the moral was excellent
	layer_10: i read one of my stories to him and missus allan and they both agreed that the moral was excellent
	layer_12: i read one of my stories to him and missus allan and they both agreed that the moral was excellent

file: 700-122866-0037.flac
expected: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_2: genand robe almost always crye han i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_4: jen an rubby almost always cryw whene i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_6: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_8: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_10: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_12: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come nto the pathetic parts

file: 700-122866-0038.flac
expected: miss josephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_2: mis jeustof ing bary bropte back that she had never ret anything so atmusing in her life
	layer_4: miss jesephing bery brote back that she had never red anything so amusing in her life
	layer_6: miss jessepine barry brote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_8: miss jessephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_10: miss josephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_12: miss josephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life

file: 700-122866-0039.flac
expected: i'm sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_2: i'am sure missusallane was nevrsachtas silily forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_4: i'm sure missuss alen was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_6: i'm sure miss allen was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_8: i'am sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_10: i'm sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_12: i'm sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are

file: 700-122866-0040.flac
expected: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_2: i felt so inccurage wen my herd that
	layer_4: i felt so uncourage when y heard that
	layer_6: i felt so encourage when i heard that
	layer_8: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_10: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_12: i felt so encouraged when i heard that

file: 700-122866-0041.flac
expected: missus lynde says she always feels shocked when she hears of anyone ever having been naughty no matter how small they were
	layer_2: missus lins as she oys fills shocked en to hears of anyone ever having been nody yu mutter housma therwer
	layer_4: missus lyns as she oys filld shocked whinto hears of any one ever having been notty you metter housemal ther were
	layer_6: missus lyndes as she alwys filled shocked whinto hears of any one ever having been noghty you'r mutter house small they were
	layer_8: missus lynde says she always filled shocked when the hears of anyone ever having been naugty your mutter howse smallthey were
	layer_10: missus lynde says she always fels shocked when she hears of anyone ever having been naughty your motter how small they were
	layer_12: missus lynde says she always fels shocked when she hears of anyone ever having been naughty your mutter how small they were

file: 700-122866-0042.flac
expected: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_2: now i won' hare felt thouht wa
	layer_4: now i widn't have felt that way
	layer_6: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_8: no i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_10: no i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_12: no i wouldn't have felt that way

file: 6467-94831-0000.flac
expected: peleg snuggers the general utility man of the hall had just brought the boys up from cedarville to which place they had journeyed from ithaca on the regular afternoon boat running up cayuga lake
	layer_2: pelix nacers the genalelydyman of the whall had justprod the boys op from cid ovel to itslace ty had journeeed fromt e tarker on dhe reglarve after n n bogrunning uf cal you brolick
	layer_4: pelecs nackas dhe general li a ely dy man of the hall had just broad the boys up from cadrevall to it placed they had journeed from etake on the reglare after nooin bod running up core you gallic
	layer_6: pelexsnuckers the general leleady man of the hall had just brouaht the boys up from cherevill to its place they had journeed from etaker on the regular afternoon boat running up coudalic
	layer_8: pelex snackers the general leuladyman of the hall had just brought the boys up from ciruville to its place they had journeyed from itaka on the regular afternoon boat running up cayeugalic
	layer_10: pelex snackers the general leiufleetyg man of the hull had just brought the boys up from chidraville to its place they had journeyed from itaka on the regular afternoon boat running up caugalic
	layer_12: pelex snackers the general leiflety man of the hull had just brought the boys up from chidraville to its place they had journeyed from itaka on the regular afternoon boat running up caeugalic

file: 6467-94831-0001.flac
expected: with the rovers had come fred garrison larry colby and several others of their old school chums
	layer_2: lidtidawas had gome frect gatison lad y colvi and sivrelothers ofted old scooulge homs
	layer_4: wicketetovwars had come fread gatison lat de caby and several others of thet old schooldge hums
	layer_6: lictedovers had come fred gatison laddy colvi and several others of the old schoolgums
	layer_8: lictard overs had come fred gadison laddi colve and several others of the old schoolums
	layer_10: victord overs had come fred gaddison laddie colby and several others of the old school chums
	layer_12: victor overs had come fred gaddison laddie colby and several others of the old school chums

file: 6467-94831-0002.flac
expected: oh how do you do mister strong
	layer_2: ihi howloy dail wister stong
	layer_4: oh how do yo dal o mister stong
	layer_6: i how d ye dayl wmisster strong
	layer_8: i how de ye teyl misters strong
	layer_10: ah how dy theyl mister strong
	layer_12: ah how y teyl mister strong

file: 6467-94831-0003.flac
expected: and he ran to meet the head teacher
	layer_2: and hehd an to mede the had teter
	layer_4: and he tan to mee the had tita
	layer_6: and he than to mee the head ticha
	layer_8: and he ran to meet the head teacher
	layer_10: and he ran to meet the head teacher
	layer_12: and he ran to meet the head teacher

file: 6467-94831-0004.flac
expected: well thomas i hope you have left all your pranks behind observed george strong
	layer_2: the tomas i hope you have left all dyour rans tehind obsot jord stongd
	layer_4: well thomis i hope you have left all your frangs behind obsot jod stonge
	layer_6: well thomas i hope you have left all your frangs behind absote geored stong
	layer_8: well thomas i hope you have left al your franks behind obsered georges strong
	layer_10: well thomas i hope you have left all your franks behind observed george strong
	layer_12: well thomas i hope you have left all your franks behind observed george strong

file: 6467-94831-0005.flac
expected: hullo aleck
	layer_2: holloalick
	layer_4: hollow e leck
	layer_6: hollow alack
	layer_8: hollo eleck
	layer_10: hollo ralec
	layer_12: hollo alec

file: 6467-94831-0006.flac
expected: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_2: ae gag ifteen houns and
	layer_4: ave gan iteen founds and
	layer_6: avfe gain fifteen founds and
	layer_8: ive gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_10: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_12: i've gained fifteen pounds and

file: 6467-94831-0007.flac
expected: yo lemme go sah yo is stickin pins in my hand howled pop
	layer_2: you'l led mego say you astick an trinte and my hand hold pop
	layer_4: you'll led me go sa your a stick and trince in my hand hold pop
	layer_6: you'r let me go tay your astick ind prince in my hand hold pop
	layer_8: you'll let me go say you're a stick in prince in my hand hold pop
	layer_10: you'll let me go say you're a stick in prince in my hand hold pop
	layer_12: you'll let me go say you're a stick in prince in my hand hold pop

file: 6467-94831-0008.flac
expected: he moaned as tom ran off throwing away several tiny tacks as he did so
	layer_2: he moned a stoml ran off tooing o a ceof brl tliny tack as he did so
	layer_4: he moned as stom ran off towing af ayseaf lu piny tack as he did so
	layer_6: he mued as stom ran off towing a vay severla pliny tax as he did so
	layer_8: he mumed as stom ran off towing awvey severll tliny tax as he did so
	layer_10: he mummed as tom ran off touring avay several tliny tax as he did so
	layer_12: he mummed as tom ran off touring avay several tliny tax as he did so

file: 6467-94831-0009.flac
expected: so you've come back have you
	layer_2: so youe com bak haveyou
	layer_4: so your comback have you
	layer_6: so you've com back have you
	layer_8: so you have come back have you
	layer_10: so you have come back have you
	layer_12: so you have come back have you

file: 6467-94831-0010.flac
expected: observed missus green as tom stopped at the kitchen door
	layer_2: abserved missus crein astom stoped id the kitndor
	layer_4: observed missus crean as torm stopped i the kitindoor
	layer_6: observed missus creen as torm stopped at the kitin door
	layer_8: observed missus green a storm stopped at the kitchen door
	layer_10: observed missus screen a storm stopped at the kitcthen door
	layer_12: observed missus screen a storm stopped at the kitchen door

file: 6467-94831-0011.flac
expected: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_2: aske ome and thet his fays sro
	layer_4: asked hom and thet his facs fe
	layer_6: asked home and thent his face fel
	layer_8: asked thom and then his face fel
	layer_10: asked hom and then his face fell
	layer_12: asked hom and then his face fell

file: 6467-94831-0012.flac
expected: oh dear you always did put me down as the worst boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbing tom put his face up against his coat sleeve
	layer_2: o dur you aoll lis t et put me don as  theirst woy in theschoo men ie i do my bat hy best and almost sobbing tom put es face ou againsticoutsleve
	layer_4: o dar you alnlwys det put me down as verst boy in theschood ben eie i do my beat y best and almost sobbing tompeut his face op against tecot sleave
	layer_6: o dear you alas did put me down as the virst boy in the scood ten i i do my bety best and almost sobbing tom' put his face up againsthe coate'sleave
	layer_8: oh dear you always did put me down as the verst boy in the school then i i do my betdy best and almost sobbing tom put his face up against the coat's leave
	layer_10: oh dear you always did put me down as the verse boy in the school then i i do my beddy best and almost sobbing tom put his face up against the coats leave
	layer_12: oh dear you always did put me down as the verst boy in the school then i i do my beddy best and almost sobbing tom put his face up against the coat leave

file: 6467-94831-0013.flac
expected: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tongue and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_2: missus clren was ta he tened tho harted in spie of or some what freet hune and she was all sympte mmediatly
	layer_4: missus creen was vhet he tened er hearted in spuite offeret somewhat freet hunge and she was all sympety immediately
	layer_6: missus green was vere tender hearted in spite offhere somewhat free thungu and she was ald sympathy immediately
	layer_8: missus green was very tender hearted in spite offerd somewhat freetongue and she was old sympathy immediately
	layer_10: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tongue and she was old sympathy immediately
	layer_12: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tongue and she was old sympathy immediately

file: 6467-94831-0014.flac
expected: there there tom i didn't mean to hurt your feelings she said soothingly
	layer_2: da the as holm i dan't mead to herd yo feelings he said soingly
	layer_4: da there as hom i don't me to heard your feelings he said sooilingly
	layer_6: dae there is home i don't meadn to hurt your feelings hesaid soutingly
	layer_8: tere there is home i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly
	layer_10: there there is home i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly
	layer_12: there there is home i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly

file: 6467-94831-0015.flac
expected: i i don't know sobbed tom
	layer_2: i i da known sutom
	layer_4: i i dnotknown sobtom
	layer_6: i i don't know sobe tom
	layer_8: i i don't know sobbed tom
	layer_10: i i doun't know sobbed tom
	layer_12: i i don't know sobbed tom

file: 6467-94831-0016.flac
expected: come sit down and have the pie that's a good boy
	layer_2: come sid don and have apy tle's god boy
	layer_4: comes si down and have a pie thut's e good boy
	layer_6: come sit downe and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_8: come si done and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_10: come sidone and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_12: come sidone and have a pie that's a good boy

file: 6467-94831-0017.flac
expected: it's really like home he murmured presently
	layer_2: escaly like home he momerd presently
	layer_4: e scarly like home he momered presently
	layer_6: a scarely ligked home he murmured presently
	layer_8: i scarely like home he murmured presently
	layer_10: i scarely liked home he murmured presently
	layer_12: i scarely liked home he murmured presently

file: 6467-94831-0018.flac
expected: missus green when you die they ought to erect an awfully big monument over your grave
	layer_2: missus cren whe youw die lhe aghf to ad ac and offly big mondument a werl your gravge
	layer_4: missus creen when youw die ley ought to eddac and offully bec monument a will your grave
	layer_6: missus green when you die lay ougt to edact an awfully beg mornument or will your grave
	layer_8: missus green when you die lay out to addack an awfully bg monument or will your grave
	layer_10: missus green when you die lay out to adack an awfully big monument or will your grave
	layer_12: missus green when you die lay out to adack an awfully big monument or will your grave

file: 6467-94831-0019.flac
expected: what was her trouble tom consumption
	layer_2: hant foas hatruble tom than sunthon
	layer_4: what fors had trouble tom han zumnsin
	layer_6: what fors had troubled tom ten zunction
	layer_8: what fouce had troubled tom gon sunction
	layer_10: what force had troubled tom consunction
	layer_12: what force had troubled tom consunction

file: 6467-94831-0020.flac
expected: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy
	layer_2: and yet with it all he couldr in hel wmut ligke the boy
	layer_4: and yet with it alls he could an help mut lihte the boy
	layer_6: and yet with it all he could in help but like the boy
	layer_8: and yet with it als he could in help but like the boy
	layer_10: and yet with it all he couldin't help but like the boy
	layer_12: and yet with it all she couldn' help but like the boy

file: 6467-94831-0021.flac
expected: an to think the term's just begun
	layer_2: andto thing theseme cusbegin
	layer_4: andto think thestem scus began
	layer_6: and to think thes terms us begin
	layer_8: and to think the term us began
	layer_10: and to think this term us begin
	layer_12: and to think this terms zus begin

file: 6467-94831-0022.flac
expected: and he mopped his brow with his red bandanna handkerchief
	layer_2: and he oed his bo with hestride man denner handcot  if
	layer_4: and he moped hisbol with his stret man denna hand kortif
	layer_6: and he mopped his bowd with his stread bandena handkerchief
	layer_8: and he mopped his bow with his stread bandenna handkerchief
	layer_10: and he mopped his bowd with his tread bandenna handkerchief
	layer_12: and he mopped his bowd with his tread bandennla handkerchief

file: 6467-94831-0023.flac
expected: wot kind of a joke is that master rover
	layer_2: what kling of jol his dtat must ed a we
	layer_4: what crint of thoke as that must edawa
	layer_6: what cine of tok is that musteadova
	layer_8: what kind of tok is that mastdardova
	layer_10: what kind of choke is that masktder duva
	layer_12: what kind of coke is that master dauva

file: 6467-94831-0024.flac
expected: oh it's no joke you are handsome
	layer_2: ot s not to jo yur handsome
	layer_4: os not to joke or handsome
	layer_6: ots not the joke youre handsome
	layer_8: outs not the joke you're handsome
	layer_10: oat's not ta joke you're handsome
	layer_12: oat's not tha joke you're handsome

file: 6467-94831-0025.flac
expected: have you got a camera to be sure here it is
	layer_2: have yon got o camitr to be suwt hay d totis
	layer_4: have you got a cameta to be sou heta tise
	layer_6: have you got a cametda to be sor hed otis
	layer_8: have you got a cameda to be sure he d ettis
	layer_10: have you got a camada to be sure heytetis
	layer_12: have you gota camada to be sure hee itis

file: 6467-94831-0026.flac
expected: sam drew a tiny box from his pocket
	layer_2: sam do atinly boks from his pockete
	layer_4: sam do atiny boxs from hispockag
	layer_6: sam do atiny box from his pockege
	layer_8: sam do ar tiny box from his pocket
	layer_10: sam dew a tiny box from his pocket
	layer_12: sam dew a tiny box from his pocket

file: 6467-94831-0027.flac
expected: now stand still and i'll take a snap shot
	layer_2: tho stan sti and othak is nathlt
	layer_4: heu stand still and ot hake is nathod
	layer_6: though stand still and not take a snasholt
	layer_8: though stands still and not take a snapsholt
	layer_10: though stands still and o take a snapsholt
	layer_12: though stand still and o take a snapsholt

file: 6467-94831-0028.flac
expected: now stand straight and look happy
	layer_2: tnon stand of stat and lk appy
	layer_4: thon stand of stait and lok happy
	layer_6: non stand of state and lok happy
	layer_8: non stand op streat and look happy
	layer_10: no stand up streigt and look happy
	layer_12: kno stand up straight and look happy

file: 6467-94831-0029.flac
expected: cried sam as a crowd collected around
	layer_2: id sam is t col lected or and
	layer_4: grit san is e cou collectet oownt
	layer_6: grie sam i's a cow colected auont
	layer_8: cried sam i's a cow collected or ont
	layer_10: cried sam as a crowd collected orron't
	layer_12: cried sam as a crowd collected oron't

file: 6467-94831-0030.flac
expected: raise you right hand to your breast just as all statesmen do
	layer_2: tays your i hand to e arbrest thus is al staemn do
	layer_4: days youre i hand to your breast jus this old statesmen do
	layer_6: rais your i hand to your breast just this old statesmen do
	layer_8: rais your right hand to your best just tas old statesman do
	layer_10: raise your right hand to your best just as old statesman do
	layer_12: raise your right hand to your best just as old statesman do

file: 6467-94831-0031.flac
expected: now wait a minute and the picture will be finished
	layer_2: nolbad a rinite and the fis i il befenis
	layer_4: now greada init and the fic if ill be finice
	layer_6: no great ar minute and the fit of ill be finicsd
	layer_8: no greater minute and the fits r will be finised
	layer_10: no greater minute and the fichr will be finished
	layer_12: no greater minute and the fitcher will be finished

file: 6467-94831-0032.flac
expected: no this is a new patented process
	layer_2: no tdisis a yew patimted frocese
	layer_4: no thisis a new paytimted froces
	layer_6: no this is a new paytempted prosus
	layer_8: no this is a new paytempted crocus
	layer_10: no this is a new paytimpted crocess
	layer_12: no this is a new pay timpted frocess

file: 6467-94831-0033.flac
expected: sam drew a square of tin from the box
	layer_2: samp to us gwerd of the ten from the bovs
	layer_4: samp do us qgrare of the tend from the bov
	layer_6: same ue usgrare of the ten from the box
	layer_8: sam dew us square of the ten from the box
	layer_10: sam tew u square of the ten from the box
	layer_12: sam tew u square of the ten from the box

file: 6467-94831-0034.flac
expected: i don't see any picture growled snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_2: i don't see in y fithur gro snuers thooking at te sgepe blangly
	layer_4: i don't see andif ictur gro snuggers looking at te squar gblankely
	layer_6: i don't see anyfitchur groan snuggers looking at the square glankly
	layer_8: i don't see any fitchure grown snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_10: i don't see any fitcher grown snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_12: i don't see any fitcher grown snuggers looking at the square blankly

file: 6467-94831-0035.flac
expected: it's a little fresh yet
	layer_2: i se lite fesiat
	layer_4: i se littlv fresyet
	layer_6: i sa little fresh yet
	layer_8: a's a little fresh yet
	layer_10: it's a little fresh yet
	layer_12: it's a little fresh yet

file: 6467-94831-0036.flac
expected: the boys gathered around set up a shout
	layer_2: we bys gad at alowne set uf a shue
	layer_4: we boys gatit alon set up a shot
	layer_6: thith boys ganded aloned set up a shut
	layer_8: the boys gadhered aond set up a shut
	layer_10: the boys gathered alon set up a shot
	layer_12: the boys gathered alone set up a shot

file: 6467-94831-0037.flac
expected: sam rover i'll git square see if i don't
	layer_2: sam rover i kt's guer seefi ton't
	layer_4: sam dover i'll gits quare seeif i don't
	layer_6: samlover i'll get square see if i don't
	layer_8: samlover i'll get square see if i don't
	layer_10: samilover i'll get square see if i don't
	layer_12: samolover i'll get square see if i don't

file: 6467-94831-0038.flac
expected: demanded sam innocently isn't it a good picture
	layer_2: tre mene sa in asendly asinlid uf coold phicksha
	layer_4: we manen taminoscently misen lad uf cood pico
	layer_6: remened seme inocently isindade ovf cot picture
	layer_8: remonded sem inocently misinlade of cood picture
	layer_10: remonded sam innocently isin late of cot picture
	layer_12: remonded sam innocently is n laite of cot picture

file: 6467-94831-0039.flac
expected: show me off for a donkey
	layer_2: sol me ofked fr he don qky
	layer_4: so me ofed folly donquei
	layer_6: so me of fhile don quey
	layer_8: su me of fhir the donkey
	layer_10: sew me off fhi the donkey
	layer_12: sew me off phi the donkey

file: 6467-94831-0040.flac
expected: a donkey oh peleg i did nothing of the kind
	layer_2: a donky ols helic i dids nothing of te find
	layer_4: a don key o's helack i did nothing of the fined
	layer_6: a don key old heleck i did nothing of the find
	layer_8: a don key ob hellick i did nothing of the flind
	layer_10: a donkey o helock i did nothing of the kind
	layer_12: a donkey o helock i did nothing of the kind

file: 6467-94831-0041.flac
expected: it's a donkey's head i say
	layer_2: it' a don' kis had ausay
	layer_4: it'sa donkeys head our say
	layer_6: it' a donkey's head ar say
	layer_8: it's a donkey's head i say
	layer_10: it's a donkey's head i say
	layer_12: it's a donkey's head i say

file: 6467-94831-0042.flac
expected: and i say it's your picture
	layer_2: and i say yo ur picte
	layer_4: an i say youre pictar
	layer_6: an isay your picture
	layer_8: and i say it youre picture
	layer_10: and i say it youre picture
	layer_12: and i say it youre picture

file: 6467-94831-0043.flac
expected: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it master rover
	layer_2: i gess i knowadot is head when i seetd ansted l we
	layer_4: i guss i know doquy's head wen i seait rasterd ower
	layer_6: i guess i know donkey's head when i see it raset ed over
	layer_8: i guess i know donkey's head when i see it rusted over
	layer_10: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it grasted over
	layer_12: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it grasted over

file: 6467-94831-0044.flac
expected: peleg there is some mistake here
	layer_2: halic the a som stak hur
	layer_4: haloc that he somstake her
	layer_6: helok thate the sumem istake here
	layer_8: helac dad ta some mistake here
	layer_10: halock dai some mistake here
	layer_12: halock dar some mistake here

file: 6467-94831-0045.flac
expected: oh you can't joke me no more
	layer_2: arl you kine yt me no mrd
	layer_4: o you cind jok me no more
	layer_6: ar you kind joke me no more
	layer_8: ar you kind joke me no more
	layer_10: al you kind joke me no more
	layer_12: all you kind joke me no more

file: 6467-97061-0000.flac
expected: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_2: on night when bos whesleeping thefrince had at makwedrinm
	layer_4: one night when poasth wasleeping the frince had a mak bl dream
	layer_6: one night when both wes sleeping the frince had armarkable dream
	layer_8: one night when both wer sleeping the prince had a emarkable dream
	layer_10: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_12: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream

file: 6467-97061-0001.flac
expected: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their former precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince
	layer_2: the rast into the toom add it their cris woeg hert and firgeting all their folm e rcotions lefthe doos open so thevt the gats ouside he earring the clamer in tured and salthepens
	layer_4: theyr rushed into the oom aded their cris twogh hers and furgeting all their formof precoutions left the doors open so that the gards ouside hearing the clamer antered and soloprens
	layer_6: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and furgeting all their formerf recautions left the doors opened to that the guards outside heering the clamour entered and sole prince
	layer_8: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgeting all their form eof precautions left the doors opened so that the guards outside hearing the clamour enterd and saw the prince
	layer_10: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their formerf precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamor enter and saw the prince
	layer_12: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their formef precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamor enter and saw the prince

file: 6467-97061-0002.flac
expected: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impaled on a stake
	layer_2: she is at destraced to her famlly and shell soo see her ruspant impaed on a stake
	layer_4: she is a disgrace to her family and sheall soon see her husband impaled on astake
	layer_6: she is at disgrace to her family and sheall soon see her husband impaled on as take
	layer_8: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impaled on astak
	layer_10: she is a disgrace to her family and sheall soon see her husband impaled on a stake
	layer_12: she is a disgrace to her family and she'll soon see her husband impaled on a stake

file: 6467-97061-0003.flac
expected: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful frown he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him dragged him from the room
	layer_2: then mat his fourhhad disfigrd by afierfui from he cotin yuet to apbusaprance and havingtied his hands behind him dake him from the gom
	layer_4: thenit his for had disfvigurt by afearfuld from he continued two abpusee prince and havingtied his hands behind him taked him from the doom
	layer_6: thenmith hisforehead disfigured by a fearful fram he continued to abuse the prince end having tied his hands behind him triged him from the loom
	layer_8: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful frowm he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him tigged him from the loom
	layer_10: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful fram he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him taged him from the goom
	layer_12: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful fram he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him taged him from the gloom

file: 6467-97061-0004.flac
expected: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken and neglected rajavahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic jewel given to him in patala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_2: tregde thus like some wil beast rote shaken and netlected radeofa hana wold haves of e greatly had he not eimntrotected bye the magi t welt givin to him in pau talla and which he had comtivetd boe conseil in his hear
	layer_4: treted thus like some wiled peast rocly shaken and neclected rage v ahana would have s of ee greatly had he knot be inprotacted by the magic welt giveng to him in partala and which he had comtrived to conseiled in his har
	layer_6: treated thus like some wild beast drochtly shaken and neclected rage of ahona would have soffere greatly had he not bein trotected by the majicuwel given to him in partalla and which he had contribed to concealed in his har
	layer_8: treated thus like some wild beast drouhly shaken and neglected rage af ahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic twellve given to him in partalla and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_10: treated thus like some wild beast douhly shaken and neglected rage f ahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic twelf given to him in partala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_12: treated thus like some wild beast drouhly shaken and neglected rage of ahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic twelf given to him in partala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair

file: 6467-97061-0005.flac
expected: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital city
	layer_2: ad poncing therefore with a lage ar we he prepect to besegh shomepa te capitel city
	layer_4: adfancing therefore with a lage arewe he propatt to be seeghe shumpa the capitale city
	layer_6: advancing therefore with a large army he prepart to be siech chumpa the capital citi
	layer_8: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital city
	layer_10: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital city
	layer_12: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital city

file: 6467-97061-0006.flac
expected: a terrible battle ensued in which both kings performed prodigies of valour
	layer_2: a herible battle and sud in which potkings wei formd pro t dese or alle
	layer_4: and cheible battle andsuiet in which portkings rere formed prot the jes of vella
	layer_6: unhedible battle ensued in which port kings wreformed prodigies of vella
	layer_8: unherrible battle ensued in which port kings reformed prodigies of vala
	layer_10: un hadribled battle ensued in which port kings reformed prodigies of vala
	layer_12: an hadibled battle ensued in which port kings reformed prodigies of vala

file: 6467-97061-0007.flac
expected: should there be any pity for the violator of the harem
	layer_2: shod thet be anypity foor the vyolatr af to hadom
	layer_4: should theht be any pity for the violateure of the hadem
	layer_6: sould theret be any pity for the violator of the hadom
	layer_8: sould there' be any pity for the violator of the hadam
	layer_10: should there be any pity for the violator of the hadom
	layer_12: should there be any pity for the violator of the hadom

file: 6467-97061-0008.flac
expected: if the old king my father now in his dotage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_2: af the old kging my father know in his stil tace was foollishenough to favor ae crumano for the sace of fswordlesstarter you had nor ne of his famission and ot not to hae wen inf encse fby him
	layer_4: aft the old king my father now in his stotage was folishenough to favour the criminal for the sake of hiswortless aughter you had no ny of his fomission and ougt not to have men infeluence by him
	layer_6: if the old king my father now in his stotage was foolish enough to favor the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his farmission and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_8: if the old king my father now in his stotage was foolish enough to favor the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_10: if the old king my father now in his stowtage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_12: if the old king my father now in his stowtage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him

file: 6467-97061-0009.flac
expected: let that vile seducer be immediately put to death by torture and his paramour be shut up in prison till i come
	layer_2: let tat lie s tha gusi weinmedite y purto let by tatur and his part amol bechall up and pisen te l icome
	layer_4: let that wies te gusered be immediatly peto tat by tahtcur and his paramor be shalt up and prison tel i come
	layer_6: let that while te duserd be immediately puto that by tocer and is paramor be shull up and prison till i come
	layer_8: let that while the dusert be immediately put to that by torture and his paramau be shut up and prison till i come
	layer_10: let that while the guserd be immediately put to that by torture and his paramau be shut up and prison till i come
	layer_12: let that while the guserd be immediately put to that by torture and his paramaux be shut up and prison till i come

file: 6467-97061-0010.flac
expected: have ready also a fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall mount immediately after the wedding to overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal
	layer_2: havrey also of fers alehent souitbl a wipe which i sha mont meditlye afer the vering who alutak my ar me a mach a gans theaenery and as i sit out i wl make teleent cam l de life ut of tut crima
	layer_4: have ready also of fears alepent suitably quipped which ishal wont immediately after the vealing who alutak my ar me in mach acans the eney and as i set out i will make the elepent cample delife out of thac cremil
	layer_6: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the weling who ovwertake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample de life out of that crimial
	layer_8: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the welling who overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample de life out of that criminal
	layer_10: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the welling who overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trimple the life out of that criminal
	layer_12: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the welling who overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant triumpe the life out of that criminal

file: 6467-97061-0011.flac
expected: while he stood there calmly awaiting death which now seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_2: whit hasto derd gomnearading thet with s nal semed in evitble he senly felt his feet free and apbeautiful lady ap preared refore him
	layer_4: what hestoo dhid garmlya rating dheth with nawl semed inevitable he senly vfelt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_6: what he stood hare calmely arrating death whih now seemed inevitable he s ornly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_8: whit he stood there calmly arating death which snow seemed inevitable he sudnly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_10: while he stood there calmly arwating death which now seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_12: while he stood there calmly arwating depth which now seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him

file: 6467-97061-0012.flac
expected: she humbly bowing down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_2: she humly bong down sait let my lared bardan hes selvent forleinjury which she hased and conscious we caust
	layer_4: she humbly bon down said let my lored pardon hes servant forlhe enjerly which she hased and consciously caused
	layer_6: she humbly boned down said left my lord pardon hes servant for the injurly which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_8: she humbly boned down sad left my lord pardon has servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_10: she humbly borned down said let my lord pardon hes servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_12: she humbly borned down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused

file: 6467-97061-0013.flac
expected: i am an apsaras born from the rays of the moon
	layer_2: i am an abtes on from tras of the moon
	layer_4: i am an abtercs bon from dhe days of the moon
	layer_6: i am an abstince born from the days of the moon
	layer_8: i am an absternouce borne from the days of the moon
	layer_10: i am an abstios born from the days of the moon
	layer_12: i am an astilos born from the days of the moon

file: 6467-97061-0014.flac
expected: one day as i was flying through the air wearing a white dress a swan mistaking me for a lotus flower attacked me
	layer_2: onday as i was sfling to wuothe art leting a bwite tress a son mistakin we for a loteslot a cackry
	layer_4: onday as i was lying to the air lerding o whitetress aswon istakin we or a loto's lad a cack me
	layer_6: londay as i was flyngd to go the air beting o white tdress a swon tmistaken we for a loturst larde a tackme
	layer_8: lon day as i was flyingd through the air barding a white dress a swan mistakeng me for the lotuslad attacked me
	layer_10: monday as i was flying through the air barring a white dress a swan mistaking me for the lotus lard attacked me
	layer_12: monday as i was flying through the air barning a white dress a swan mistaking me for the lotus lart attacked me

file: 6467-97061-0015.flac
expected: in his anger he cursed me saying o wicked one for this offence you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_2: in his anger he curs me sain o weckit von for this affhence you autondomet to bechainged int ar bieace of anconscious mettle
	layer_4: in his anger he curs me saying o wikedvone for this offence you oartendeme to be chainged into or piece of enconscious mettle
	layer_6: in his anger he gurse me saying oh weked one for this offense you aretendemet to be changed into or pieace of unconscious metal
	layer_8: in his anger he cursed me saying oh wecked wone for this offense you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_10: in his anger he cursed me saying oh wicked one for this offence you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_12: in his anger he cursed me saying oh wicked one for this offence you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal

file: 6467-97061-0016.flac
expected: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turned into a silver chain
	layer_2: the change to plath meditly and i fold to the grount t rn ant wil sov e chane
	layer_4: the change to clace meditly and i fell to the round turn antwa sivachain
	layer_6: the change tok place mediately and i felt to the ground turn intoa silvear chain
	layer_8: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turned into a silver chain
	layer_10: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turned into a silver chain
	layer_12: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turned into a silver chain

file: 6467-97061-0017.flac
expected: on his way he saw the silver fetter descended to the ground picked it up and continued his flight
	layer_2: on his bey he sawdhef si le frecto be sendit to the grown picke did up and cuntine ite his fight
	layer_4: on his vay he saw the cilvear fretod te sendid to the ground picked it up and continu it his fight
	layer_6: on his way he saw the silver fretled descend it to the ground picked it up and continue itd his fight
	layer_8: on his way he saw the silver fretle descend it to the ground picked it up and continuet his fight
	layer_10: on his way he saw the silver frete descend it to the ground pickeid it up and continued his fight
	layer_12: on his way he saw the silver frettle descend it to the ground pickeid it up and continued his fight

file: 6467-97061-0018.flac
expected: the slayer of chandavarma hearing this came out of the palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to receive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_2: lhe slad of tenmtr ard mire hearing thiskcame oreoe te padles and pocklyamounting thealipent who had down his tonk ho to seive him lacedshime sel behind th fince
	layer_4: lhe slae of tendervwertdmire hering this came otof e palas and quickly mounting the alepant who held town his tronk tog theseive him laced himself behind the pince
	layer_6: the slade of gendrovardmi hearing this came out of a palos and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his tronk to deceive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_8: thi slaite of cendrevarmar hearing this came out of a palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to deceive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_10: the slae of cendrovarmar hearing this came out of a palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to deceive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_12: the slate of cendrovarmar hearing this came out of a palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to deceive him placed himself behind the prince

file: 6467-97061-0019.flac
expected: great was their mutual astonishment and joy when they recognised each other the prince exclaiming is it possible
	layer_2: gagfosthenerch o e stonerhmentd en jy of an dathi cocnaey choth u thoepins exclaiming is it hosible
	layer_4: gade vor s ten reiach o astonorsment and jyvf than day the cacnaede ch olh or de pinse exclaiming is it possible
	layer_6: gadevos then reiah al astonishment and joyve thand dai the cognashed each other depence exclaiming is it possible
	layer_8: gade wors ain richual astonishment andjoy an day la cogneted each other defende exclaiming is it possible
	layer_10: kade vos tand ricual astonishment enjoy and day recognized each other defense exclaiming is it possible
	layer_12: kade vos tand ricual astonishment enjoy and day recognized each other defense exclaiming is it possible

file: 6467-97061-0020.flac
expected: is it really you my dear friend apaharavarma who have done this deed
	layer_2: is a greally you my dear frien apehart o atma who have d on the steed
	layer_4: is at greally you myh dear friend op ahart ofverma who have on the steed
	layer_6: is it really you my dear friend upa heard ovarma who have done thisteed
	layer_8: is it really you my dear friend upaheart of erma who have done this deed
	layer_10: is it really you my dear friend uppaheart of urma who have done this deed
	layer_12: is it really you my dear friend uppaheart of urma who have done this deed

file: 6467-97061-0021.flac
expected: through these they forced their way employing with good effect the weapons placed on the elephant for the use of chandavarma
	layer_2: two thes teiffors theirdwey endplying with gool a fact the ar pans laced on the eipendt for the us of tendrf rtma
	layer_4: two these they fors theirweay emplying with good af fects the vaapensplaced on the etipant for the use of cendrvrdma
	layer_6: to these they aforctd their way implying with good affects the veapencsplaced on the adefhant for the use of cendeverma
	layer_8: to these they afforced their way implying with good effects the veapans placed on the edephant for the use of sendroverma
	layer_10: to these they forced their way implying with good effects the veapans placed on the elephant for the use of sendrovrma
	layer_12: to these they forced their way implying with good effects the weapans placed on the elephant for the use of sendrovorma

file: 6467-97061-0022.flac
expected: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_2: wefort havervar te had gone fa ne heard the nice of pattl at at justance and saw the sol diis an fronfh them scattered an all dauretions
	layer_4: wbefored havever they had gone far the heard the noise of pattle at ad justance and saw the soldies and fronth them scatered in all daructions
	layer_6: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at adjustance and saw the soldiers in front of them scatered in all diructions
	layer_8: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at addustance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_10: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at addustance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_12: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at adustance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions

file: 6467-97061-0023.flac
expected: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further resistance
	layer_2: me have just kno and comtered and utly tefeeted the eneme so that thet as no fer of any for tit asistence
	layer_4: me have just now and comtered and uttely defeated the enymy so that thed is no fear of any for the rasistence
	layer_6: we have just now and comntered and utterly defeated the enemy so that theae is no fear of any for the assistance
	layer_8: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further rassistance
	layer_10: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further assistance
	layer_12: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further ressistance

file: 6467-97061-0024.flac
expected: rajavahana agreed to this
	layer_2: ad i te u her  to thes
	layer_4: and i de my har ree to this
	layer_6: and i de by hiw agreek to this
	layer_8: and i de mi haw agreed to this
	layer_10: and i dhe mie ha agreed to this
	layer_12: and i dhe mire haw agreed to this

file: 6467-62797-0000.flac
expected: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_2: oartof coutiosity he hun one of them oside his house
	layer_4: ort of curiosity he hung one of them ouside his house
	layer_6: ot of curiosity he hung one of them ouside his house
	layer_8: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_10: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_12: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house

file: 6467-62797-0001.flac
expected: in cases of scorpion sting dommara medicine men rub up patent boluses with human milk or juice of the milk hedge plant euphorbia tirucalli and apply them to the parts
	layer_2: in cases of scor insting thugh mur amediscen men rove up paitant plowses we human milk or juse off temilcatehflant you fourt pear te hoecally and afly them to the pats
	layer_4: in cases of scot pwein sting thoe maramedicene men rop up patant plouses whetht human milk or juce of the milk hatch flent you fortpea to ru caley and a ly them to the pots
	layer_6: in cases of scort beinsting thou maramedicen men rub up patent plouses with human milk or juice of the milkatgh plant eu fourt piare to rucalley and afly them to the parts
	layer_8: in cases of scort y an stinkt though mora medicine men drub up patent plauses with human milk or juice of the milkhatch plant ufortpiare thirucalei and affly them to the parts
	layer_10: in cases of scortpian stingt tho mora medicine men rub up patent plausers with human milk or juice of the milkhatch plant eufortpr thrukali and apply them to the parts
	layer_12: in cases of scortpian stingt tho mora medicine men rub up patent plausers with human milk or juice of the milkhatch plant eufortpr thr kali and apply them to the parts

file: 6467-62797-0002.flac
expected: when the umbilical cord of a kondh baby sloughs off a spider is burnt in the fire and its ashes are placed in a cocoanut shell mixed with castor oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather to the navel
	layer_2: bhen the umvrlical quard of ou foned pe beselos off aspideat as biund in the fir and its ashes opplace in tacopeni shol mexs wot castr oil and ap liede by means off a folls sfether to the navle
	layer_4: when the umvolicale quard of a forned pabis las off aspiedhat as boned in the fire and its ashes are place in e copeninte shel maxcht at castre oil and aplied by means of a fouows feather to the naval
	layer_6: when the unvilical guord of a fomned pabys lows off aspiderd as burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a copenite shell mexvwad castue oil and applied by means of a fowls feather to the navl
	layer_8: when the unbolical gord of a fomed pabies lows of ar spiderd as burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a copon it shell mextvord cast r oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather to the naval
	layer_10: when the umbolical gord of acomed pabies los of a spider is burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a coponidge shell mext wit cast a oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather tho the naval
	layer_12: when the unbolical gord of accomed pabies loss of a spider is burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a coponige shell mext wit castr oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather tro the naval

file: 6467-62797-0003.flac
expected: they then call the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insect settles on the cloth
	layer_2: the hen coll the teadman py his name  an eagerly vatd tills somemen sax cirle on thecloft
	layer_4: ni then call the dead man by his name and eagerly waite tills someminsec cettle on the claft
	layer_6: te then called the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insact settle on the cloth
	layer_8: they then called the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insects settle on the cloth
	layer_10: they then called the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insects settle on the cloth
	layer_12: they then called the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insects settle on the cloth

file: 6467-62797-0004.flac
expected: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes
	layer_2: bledwes described as sing out ofes eyes
	layer_4: bled was described as osing out of is eyes
	layer_6: bled was described as uzing out of his eyes
	layer_8: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes
	layer_10: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes
	layer_12: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes

file: 6467-62797-0005.flac
expected: make the patient suck the milk of the breast of a woman whose baby is more than eighty days old
	layer_2: make the pasion suc the milke of teprasset afert wroman whowsepaby is more tharn eit dhase old
	layer_4: make the pasion suck the milk of deprassed ofar woman whose baby is more than eight da his old
	layer_6: make the pasien sugh the milk off depressed off ar woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_8: make the pasiente suct the milk off depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_10: make the patienc suck the milk off depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_12: make the patience suck the milk off depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old

file: 6467-62797-0006.flac
expected: his camp boy told him of a case in which death was said to have resulted from eating one of these animals cooked with some jak fruit
	layer_2: his can oite old him off agaze in this teat  wars said to hae re sothen from einding onof thes anuals gooked wit sobjackfod
	layer_4: his can poit old him of acase in thichs tead was said to haves desultent from einting one ouf these anuals coked with subjackfultd
	layer_6: his campointold him of a case in which death was said to have resultant from eanting one of these annumals coked with subjackfoot
	layer_8: his cam point told him of a case in which death was said to have resultant from eading one of these animals cooked with subjack frut
	layer_10: his campoyn told him of a case in which death was said to have resultant from eating one of these anumals cooked with subjact frut
	layer_12: his campoy told him of a case in which death was said to have resultant from eating one of these annumals cooked with subjact fruit

file: 6467-62797-0007.flac
expected: a few years ago a scare arose in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abode in imported german glass bangles which compete with the indigenous industry of the gazula bangle makers the insect was reported to lie low in the bangle till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the wearer after warning her to get her affairs in order before succumbing
	layer_2: a feuw ars agor ascared burews inconnection with than ensect which wes sat to have taken up it's aord in importer jimant glass pangles which tomfplet fwit deeandeeghinousendustiof dee gaza aban go makers neeansectwes to porte toli lorn the bangle telit wasperters when it would camourt and ni theberofe after warding her to geckt her aftfers in oder we fr sacombing
	layer_4: a few years ago ascared yte was in connection with tan ensect wich was set to have taken up its abard in importer chorman glass bangles which complete with de indegineus and dusty of dhee garzla ban gil makers he einsect was te ported to lie lo rn the bangle te lit waspurcurs when it would com out and nypped the bearo after warrding her to get her a fars in oder with far saccumbing
	layer_6: a few years ago ar scared ba a was in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its aboard in imported chorman glass bangoles which complete with the indecingous and dusty of the ghazula bangeled makers the insect was reported to lie low on the pangle tillit was purches when it would come out and knipped the bearof afterwardring her to get her affairs in order we ware a cumbing
	layer_8: a few years ago are scared araus in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its aboard an importedt ghorman glass bangles which complete with the indegenous an dusty of the gazzlla bangle makers the insect was reported to lie low on the pangle till it was purchase when it would come out and nipp the beare after warding her to get her affairs in order wih was soccumbing
	layer_10: a few years ago are scared aros in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abhord and imported joman glass bangles which complete with the indegingous industy of the gasula bangle makers the insect was reported to lie low on the pangle till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the bearer after warding her to get her affairs in order bea succumbering
	layer_12: a few years ago are scared aros in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abhord and imported jhoman glass bangles which complete with the indegingious industry of the gazula bangle makers the insect was reported to lie low on the pangle till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the bearer after warding her to get her affairs in order wi succumbering

file: 6467-56885-0000.flac
expected: his body was long and slender hard and agile his sight keen his aim unerring
	layer_2: his vody was lonk and slender hard ind adgiel his siht keen his amon ering
	layer_4: his vody was lonk and slinder hard and agial his sight keen his aiman ering
	layer_6: his body was lon and slender hard in a gile his sight keen his aim and erring
	layer_8: his body was long and slender hard an e gile his sight keen his aim and erring
	layer_10: his body was long and slender hard and egiale his sight keen his aim and erring
	layer_12: his body was long and slender hard and egiale his sight keen his aim and erring

file: 6467-56885-0001.flac
expected: in the month of agrahayan kanti had gone out shooting near the swamp of nydighi with a few sporting companions
	layer_2: in the montoufsh alrgr han gan the had gon or shoting the ar the swump of nidi y wih a ew sporting compiniencs
	layer_4: in the montof algrahan canthe had gone ort shoting tle a the s womp of nidike with a few sporting companions
	layer_6: in the month of algrahen cante had gone out shoting le at thiswamp of nidikei with a few sporting companions
	layer_8: in the month of algraean cranti had gone out shootingle art the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions
	layer_10: in the month of algraayen granti had gone out shootinglear the swamp of nidici with a few sporting companions
	layer_12: in the month of algrayn granti had gone out shootinglear the swamp of nidici with a few sporting companions

file: 6467-56885-0002.flac
expected: one morning as kanti was seated in his boat cleaning a favourite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of wild duck looking up he saw a village maiden coming to the water's edge with two white ducklings clasped to her breast
	layer_2: une monding as tonty wa sitered in his poart fleaning a faord cun he sad enly stated at what hetird was tecry eifowidoct looking upfh he saw avelas mail and coming to the wates ege with do white docklingsclase to have prest
	layer_4: one mornding as gonty was satred in his poart cleaning a favorid con he said enly started ant what he tart was tecry if wiedock looking up he saw a velace mail in coming to the waters edge with two white tockling sclasse to herppresset
	layer_6: one morning as canty was seated in his port cleaning a favourite cun he suddenly started at what he thart was the cryof whie tock looking up he saw a villas mailin coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings glasped to herepressed
	layer_8: one morning as canty was seated in his port cleaning a favourite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of a wile dock looking up he saw a billae mailon coming to the water's edge with two white tucklings claped to her presst
	layer_10: one morning as santy was seated in his poart cleaning a favorite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of a wild dock looking up he saw a villai'se mailen coming to the water's edge with two white tucklings clasped to her preast
	layer_12: one morning as santy was seated in his port cleaning a favorite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of a wild dock looking up he saw a villai'se mailen coming to the water's edge with two white tucklings clasped to her preast

file: 6467-56885-0003.flac
expected: the girl put the birds into the water and watched them anxiously
	layer_2: nhegol put the birds into the watter and watcs ther anxious me
	layer_4: tegl put the birds into the water and was the manxious le
	layer_6: the girl put the birds into the water and whats them anxiously
	layer_8: the girl put the birds into the water and wa's them anxiously
	layer_10: the girl put the birds into the water and watched them anxiously
	layer_12: the girl put the birds into the water and watched them anxiously

file: 6467-56885-0004.flac
expected: looking round kanti saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the ducks
	layer_2: looking round can ty saw one of his men poinding and anloded gun ad dedoxs
	layer_4: looking round caundt te saw one of his men poinding and unloded gun ad the docks
	layer_6: looking round cranti saw one of his men poining an unloaded gun at the docks
	layer_8: looking round kranty saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks
	layer_10: looking round granty saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks
	layer_12: looking round granty saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks

file: 6467-56885-0005.flac
expected: kanti went on cleaning his gun
	layer_2: cantimen don tleaning his goune
	layer_4: canty mean on claning his gune
	layer_6: canty went on cleaning his gun
	layer_8: canty went on cleaning his gun
	layer_10: canty went on cleaning his gun
	layer_12: canty went on cleaning his gun

file: 6467-56885-0006.flac
expected: after kanti had eaten and drunk the brahmin begged him to introduce himself kanti gave his own name his father's name and the address of his home and then said in the usual way if i can be of any service sir i shall deem myself fortunate
	layer_2: after kanty had eaten and trunk the braman pect himtoint du e himself gan ty gave his ow n name his father's name and heet ters of is home and then sarid inusual bey if i cand le oveny sarvisir i shall kin musu fortnite
	layer_4: after kanty had eaten and trunk the bram ind peced him to ino duse himself canti gave his own name his father's name and yed des of ice home and then said in usual bay if i can be of an y sevic sir i shall kin my sul fartinate
	layer_6: after canty had eaten and trunk the bram in pecked him to introduce himself can'te gave his own name his father's name and yet us of is home and then said in usual bay if i can be of any sarvice sir i shall een my sel fotunate
	layer_8: after canty had eaten and trunk the brahm in pecked him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and yet us of is home and then said in he usual bay if i can be of any servic ir i shall gean myself fortunate
	layer_10: after canty had eaten and drunk the brahmin pegged him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and get us of us home and then said in the usual bay if i can be of any service sir i shall geen myself fortunate
	layer_12: after canty had eaten and drunk the brahmin pegged him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and get us of us home and then said in the usual bay if i can be of any service sir i shall geen myself fortunate

file: 6467-56885-0007.flac
expected: so saying kanti repeated his salute and went back
	layer_2: so seing gontiry peerd has selut and when pack
	layer_4: socing contiri petered his solute and went pack
	layer_6: soceying contirle peatered his salute and went pack
	layer_8: so saying kcontirepetered his salute and went back
	layer_10: so saying contilrepetered his salute and went back
	layer_12: so saying contilepetered his salute and went back

file: 6467-56885-0008.flac
expected: the brick built mansion of the mazumdars had been borrowed for the wedding ceremony which was fixed for next magh as kanti did not wish to delay
	layer_2: le preck bote mantion of the mosom tas had beean borod fort the ening selrmolmy whichs wa fextfoarthenex mark as cundi did not fishd to delay
	layer_4: the prect bolte mantion of the mozomtas had bean borrod fort the berning sermony which was fexed forthe next mark as condy did not fish to delay
	layer_6: the crickbult mansion of the mossom hars had been borowed fort the beling sermony which was fexed for the next mark as cunti did not wish to delay
	layer_8: the crickbilt mention of the mosumars had been borrowed for the welning sermony which was fexed for the next mark as cantly did not wish to delay
	layer_10: the crickbilt mention of the mosumlas had been borrowed for the wedning cermony which was fixed for the next mark as skanty did not wish to delay
	layer_12: the crickbilt mention of the mosumas had been borrowed for the wedning ceremony which was fixed for the next mark as skanty did not wish to delay

file: 6467-56885-0009.flac
expected: in due time the bridegroom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a torchlight procession and the ceremony began
	layer_2: indu ime de bra ro marid on his alepfent with droms and musi and withthaparhtsfay prorsession and the sedenman thy begaan
	layer_4: in due time dhe prad growmarived on his elephant withdrams and music and with a parts ray procession and the ciromeni began
	layer_6: in dutime the brid gru arived on his elephant with droms and music and with a part'sray procession in the cyremony began
	layer_8: in duetime the pride grum arrived on his elephant with droms and music and with a partswray procession in the ceremony began
	layer_10: in due time the pridegroom arrived on this elephant with droms and music and with a partay procession and the ceremony began
	layer_12: in due time the pridegroom arrived on his elephant with droms and music and with a partsuay procession and the ceremony began

file: 6467-56885-0010.flac
expected: in that bashful downcast face crowned with the wedding coronet and bedecked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognise the village maiden of his fancy and in the fulness of his emotion a mist seemed to becloud his eyes
	layer_2: in that pash ful don guast face courdon whet dereling clrnr and bedhact with sandle pase he could scarcelyreicognizedte weleace maden ofhisfancy and in the foolnes off asa motion an must seemd to becloud his eys
	layer_4: in that pashful down gast face coudon with the relling coanair and bed ect with sandl pactd he could scarcely thecognised the belate made n off is fancy and in the fullnass off ics amortion amist seemed to be clourd his eyes
	layer_6: in that pashful downgast face curon with the relling coronair and bed acked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognized the belage made an off is fancy and in the fullness off his amotion a mist seemed to be cloued his eyes
	layer_8: in that pashiful downgast face cr on with the raling coronair and beddacked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognize the billage madean off his fancy and in the fullness of his emotion a mist seemd to be cloud his eyes
	layer_10: in that pashful downghast face cr on with the railing coronaire ebeddacked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognize the bellate maiden of his fancy and in the fullness of his emotion a mist seemed to be cloud his eyes
	layer_12: in that pashful downchast face cr on with the railing coronaire ebeddacked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognize the belliate maiden of his fancy and in the fullness of his emotion a mist seemed to be cloud his eyes

file: 6467-56885-0011.flac
expected: the light of the lamps seemed to grow dim and darkness to tarnish the face of the bride herself
	layer_2: teligt ot the lam seemed tho cor them and darkness tutanish the face of the praid herself
	layer_4: dhe lighd of the lamp seemed to crod them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_6: delight of the lamps seemed to crod them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_8: delight of the lamps seemed to croa them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_10: the light of the lamps seemed to gro them and darkness to tunish the face of the pride herself
	layer_12: the light of the lamps seemed to grot tem and darkness to tunish the face of the pride herself

file: 6467-56885-0012.flac
expected: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_2: a first he felet ang lyveit tes fatherngla theold scon git had shown him one gooirl and mared him doanoter
	layer_4: at first he felt anglyvwith his fathern la the old scon rel had son him one girl and married him do another
	layer_6: at first he felt angly with his fathern law the old scondrill had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_8: at first he felt angrly with his fatherin law the old scondrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_10: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_12: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another

file: 6467-56885-0013.flac
expected: close upon it followed the girl he had seen before
	layer_2: le was upon i follored the grd he had seened thefor
	layer_4: clos upon it followed the gord he had seen before
	layer_6: cluse upon it followed the good he had seen before
	layer_8: luse upon it followed the good he had seen before
	layer_10: luse upon it followed the god he had seen before
	layer_12: luse upon it followed the god he had seen before

file: 6467-56885-0014.flac
expected: oh the mad girl cried the women as they made signs to her to leave the room
	layer_2: oh the mad gr kried ta women as thym mde sins to hear talu youe or onm
	layer_4: oh the mad girln crite the boman as theym mde signs to her tol eve the t om
	layer_6: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leeave the om
	layer_8: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the room
	layer_10: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the room
	layer_12: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the doom

file: 6467-56885-0015.flac
expected: all the women in the room began to titter
	layer_2: il lir tle wanm intherr rom began to titer
	layer_4: il tive mom in the oroon began te tita
	layer_6: al live men in the room began to tita
	layer_8: all livermen in theroom began to titter
	layer_10: all livermen in the room began to titter
	layer_12: all ivermen in the room began to titter

file: 6467-56885-0016.flac
expected: the increasing laughter in the room betokened an amusing joke
	layer_2: th inleasing laugh err in te onm be tolk end and a musing jok
	layer_4: the incleasing laugheder in the room betakened an amusing jok
	layer_6: the increasing laughder in the room be takened and a musing joke
	layer_8: the increasing laughter in the room be talkend han amusing joke
	layer_10: the increasing laughter in the room be talkened an amusing joke
	layer_12: the increasing laughter in the room be talkened an amusing joke

file: 6467-56885-0017.flac
expected: with a sigh of intense relief as of escape from calamity he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_2: with he si of in dtenseleath as of e scae on telamiry he looked oncemorne into the face of hus brid
	layer_4: with te si of intense leaf as of escaed on elamiry he looked once morn into the face of his pride
	layer_6: with a sigh of intense leaf as of escaled on nelamery he looked once morn into the face of his bride
	layer_8: with a sigh of intense leaf as of escaled rom calamiry he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_10: with a sigh of intense releaf as of escaped from calamity he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_12: with a sigh of intense releaf as of escaled from calamity he looked once more into the face of his bride

file: 3663-172005-0000.flac
expected: the fawn had taken his morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_2: the fan had taken this morning meal and now ly crled up on a bed of moss
	layer_4: the fon had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on abed of moss
	layer_6: the fond had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_8: the fawn had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_10: the fawn had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_12: the fawn had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss

file: 3663-172005-0001.flac
expected: whenever the fawn caught up he was quite content to frisk about
	layer_2: when never ther fon cut up he was quite contamn to frisk about
	layer_4: whenever the fon cut ap he was quite contend to frisk about
	layer_6: whenever the fown cut up he was quite conten to frisk about
	layer_8: whenever the fawn caught up he was quite contentd to frisk about
	layer_10: whenever the fawn caught up he was quite contened to frisk about
	layer_12: whenever the fawn caught up he was quite contened to frisk about

file: 3663-172005-0002.flac
expected: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_2: the tangee was serto now it was near
	layer_4: the danger was certai now it was ner
	layer_6: the danger was certai now it was near
	layer_8: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_10: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_12: the danger was certain now it was near

file: 3663-172005-0003.flac
expected: the hounds had struck her trail where she turned and the fawn was safe
	layer_2: the hous hats truck he trail wher she turned and the foirnm wrs sefe
	layer_4: the hous had struck a trail where she turned and the form was sae
	layer_6: the hous had struck a trail where she turned and the farm was save
	layer_8: the howls had struck a trail where she turned and the farm was save
	layer_10: the howls had struck e trail where she turned and the form was safe
	layer_12: the howls had struck ta trail where she turned and the form was safe

file: 3663-172005-0004.flac
expected: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_2: ine was rowing the ate had ha gun in his han what should she do
	layer_4: one mast roing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_6: one was roing the other had agun in his hand what should she do
	layer_8: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_10: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_12: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do

file: 3663-172005-0005.flac
expected: her tired legs could not propel the tired body rapidly
	layer_2: her tiurt lags couuld not propail d the tiant voarde repteny
	layer_4: her tiret lekes could not prepal the tient bordi repidly
	layer_6: her tiret lakes could not prepel the tiant bordi rapidly
	layer_8: her tiret lakes could not prepel the tirant bordei rapidly
	layer_10: her tire lakes could not prepel the tiant bordile rapidly
	layer_12: her tire lakes could not prepel the tiant bordile rapidly

file: 3663-172005-0006.flac
expected: the doe saw the boat nearing her
	layer_2: the do saw the boat nearring her
	layer_4: the do saw the boat narring her
	layer_6: the do saw the boat nearing her
	layer_8: the doe saw the boat neearing her
	layer_10: the does saw the boat nearing her
	layer_12: the doe saw the boat nearing her

file: 3663-172005-0007.flac
expected: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_2: in the moement more the boat was on her and the man at the ors hat lendover and cut her
	layer_4: in tha moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caugt her
	layer_6: in ha moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_8: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_10: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_12: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her

file: 3663-172528-0000.flac
expected: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctors orders
	layer_2: i was tormentat my tirs but had astae from drenking for manydays according to te docthis oders
	layer_4: i was tormented by thirst but had abstayed from drinking for many days according to the dufctr's oders
	layer_6: i was tormented by thurst but had abstaid from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_8: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_10: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_12: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders

file: 3663-172528-0001.flac
expected: that old man ceased to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_2: that old men cia se to give so much a knowions hyeet sometimes he appeare to me indreams
	layer_4: that old man sase to give so much annoyons yet sometimes the appeared to me in dreams
	layer_6: that old man sees to give so much annoyanse yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_8: that old man sees to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_10: that old man sees to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_12: that old man sees to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams

file: 3663-172528-0002.flac
expected: felice had given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_2: fell e ca gven them oders not to spe to me of this
	layer_4: fillych ik given them ouders not to spea to me of this
	layer_6: filleach i given them orders not to spea to me of this
	layer_8: fillach i given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_10: fileach i given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_12: fil each i given them orders not to speak to me of this

file: 3663-172528-0003.flac
expected: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_2: this madt had stolen fro me certain lirtl sings of som img portens and in her fe ben ethactet she would havevd beenvery glad ifv i had did
	layer_4: this made had stolen from me certain little sings of some importance and in her fea r being detacted she would have habeen very glad if i had died
	layer_6: this mad had stolen from me certain little sthings of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would havebeen very glad if i had died
	layer_8: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_10: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_12: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died

file: 3663-172528-0004.flac
expected: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full one i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_2: accordingnyte allowut me twis to take as much as i could of the water so that igood earness i swallowed more than a flas forl i thent cov lert myself and began to swet and tellin to a d silp
	layer_4: accordinglysiallout mean twise to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnes i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to swet and fell into a deebpe sleep
	layer_6: accordingly she allowtd mean twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_8: accordingly she allowd me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_10: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_12: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep

file: 3663-172528-0005.flac
expected: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so grieved was he to hear this
	layer_2: the a that my poor fra was on the point of falling to the ground sograve t as he to hearis
	layer_4: the sayd that my poor fraen as on the point of falling to the ground so gravedt was he to hear this
	layer_6: they say that my poor frenmd was on the point of falling to the ground so graved was he to hear this
	layer_8: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so graved was he to hear this
	layer_10: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so graved was he to hear this
	layer_12: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so graved was he to hear this

file: 3663-172528-0006.flac
expected: afterwards he took an ugly stick and began to beat the serving girl with all his might shouting out ah traitress you have killed him for me then
	layer_2: afterworts he tooken aglease tayt and began to beap ta serving girl with allw his minh shaulting out ah trratroess you have killdim for mea than
	layer_4: afterwars he took an agleast tate and began to beat ta serving girl with all his mit shoulting out ah tratroeus you have killed im for me then
	layer_6: afterwards he took an uglyse date and began to beat the serving girl with all his mid shouting out ah tratrous you have killed him for me then
	layer_8: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his mind shouting out ah traitrous you have killed him for me then
	layer_10: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his might shouting out ah traitorous you have killed him for me then
	layer_12: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his might shouting out ah traitorous you have killed him for me then

file: 3663-172528-0007.flac
expected: she may indeed have saved my life so lend me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_2: she man did have saved my life so led mea helping hand for i have swet id and bequick aboud it
	layer_4: she maindid have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have sweatted and bequick aboud it
	layer_6: she mayn did have saved my life so let me a helping hand for i have sweatted and be quick about it
	layer_8: she maynded have saved my life so let me a help in hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_10: she may indeed have saved my life so let me a help in hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_12: she may indeed have saved my life so let me a help in hand for i have sweated and be quick about it

file: 3663-172528-0008.flac
expected: felice recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_2: fely tuhe recoverthi spirats drite a mate ne comfrtable and i been conscious of ar great improfment if my estae begen to wrecon on recovery
	layer_4: felliuchar recovert his spirits dride and make nme comfortable and i been conscious of a great improvfment in my estate began to recon on recovery
	layer_6: filiacha recovered his spirits dried and make me comfortable and i been conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_8: felicha recovered his spirits dried and make me comfortable and i beeng conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_10: felicha recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_12: felichia recovered his spirits dried and make me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery

file: 3663-172528-0009.flac
expected: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my illness had refused to bleed me
	layer_2: just thed the ole docter bernardekno put in his appearans who at the begiting of my iners had refused to bleepeme
	layer_4: just tan the othe doctor bernardino put in his appearancs who had the bigitding of my illners had refused to blepe me
	layer_6: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my illners had refused to blead me
	layer_8: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my ilners had refused to bleed me
	layer_10: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my ilners had refused to bleed me
	layer_12: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my ilners had refused to bleed me

file: 3663-172528-0010.flac
expected: maestro francesco that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_2: mystrofren cheschoes that most eble man excleaed oh power of thencher
	layer_4: mystrouferen chescos that most able man exclaed o power of nanture
	layer_6: myestrofroncheiscoes that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_8: mayestra fronchescoes that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_10: maestro fron chescoes that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_12: maestro fron chescoes that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature

file: 3663-172528-0011.flac
expected: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_2: she nose what she requiers and the physiciencs no nothig
	layer_4: she knows what she requiers and the physicions no nothing
	layer_6: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_8: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_10: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_12: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing

file: 3663-172528-0012.flac
expected: that simpleton maestro bernardino made answer saying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_2: tha siboto mysrber nad no made aunsosane if he hat drunkanother botel he would have bee ckurd upon the spot
	layer_4: that siboton mysruober nardeno made unso san if he had drunk another bottl he would have been cured upon the spat
	layer_6: tha sibootan mysrobernardino made unsu saying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spat
	layer_8: that sybolton miece robernardino made ansusaying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_10: that sibolton mice robernardino made anselsaying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_12: that siboulton mice robernardino made ansulsaying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot

file: 3663-172528-0013.flac
expected: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_2: afters he tured to me and asi icould have drunk more water
	layer_4: after wards he turned to me and as i i could have drunk more water
	layer_6: afterwards he turned to me and assif i could have drunk more water
	layer_8: afterwards he turned to me and assk if i could have drunk more water
	layer_10: afterwards he turned to me and aske if i could have drank more water
	layer_12: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water

file: 3663-172528-0014.flac
expected: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_2: i unswered no because i had atarey quinchd my thirst
	layer_4: i onswered no because i had entirely quented my tirst
	layer_6: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_8: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_10: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_12: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst

file: 3663-172528-0015.flac
expected: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man begged you to bleed him
	layer_2: in lihe menner she was uskingfua what she wantit whit the pool yog men ta du to bled him
	layer_4: in like maner she was asking for what she wantedt whith the poo yung man that du to blead him
	layer_6: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted weth the poor young men thad due to blead him
	layer_8: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man bad due to bleed him
	layer_10: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man bad due to bleed him
	layer_12: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted wen the poor young man bad due to bleed him

file: 3663-172528-0016.flac
expected: if you knew that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_2: if you near that is recoveri depedet upon his drenking too fhlasks of wwater why tit you not say so before
	layer_4: if you ne that is recovery depedet upon his drinking too flasks of water why dit you not say so before
	layer_6: if you ners that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flusks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_8: if you kneawr that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_10: if you knew that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_12: if you knew that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before

file: 3663-172528-0017.flac
expected: you might then have boasted of his cure
	layer_2: you might then have bosted of this ckrl
	layer_4: you might then have boastet of his cil
	layer_6: you might then have boasted on his chi
	layer_8: you might then have boasted on his kal
	layer_10: you might then have boasted of his keer
	layer_12: you might then have boasted on his keer

file: 3663-172528-0018.flac
expected: at these words the wretched quack sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_2: at this wors the rechic quhiate so caely depot it a nevelr shoultis fase agee
	layer_4: at this words the retchic uite soculy depardit ad never shout is face agan
	layer_6: at thes words the wretche uite socilly departed and never showed his face again
	layer_8: at these words the wretched quite sulkirly departed and never showed his face again
	layer_10: at these words the wretched quite sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_12: at these words the wretched quite sulkily departed and never showed his face again

file: 3663-172528-0019.flac
expected: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrapped up and protected from the cold
	layer_2: the verevening i was taken with great precautions in the chair well repet up and protectedt from the cold
	layer_4: the verevening i was saken with great precautions in e chair well reped up and protecteve from the cold
	layer_6: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well repped up and protected from the cold
	layer_8: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrapped up and protected from the cold
	layer_10: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrapt up and protected from the cold
	layer_12: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrapt up and protected from the cold

file: 3663-172528-0020.flac
expected: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_2: do not prmiti any uregulerities forsthogh he ha teskape thistin in nother dies oder now would be the death of hi
	layer_4: do not premittimg any oragularities for though he has escaped this tine annother dis ouder now would be the death of him
	layer_6: do not permittim any irregularities for though he has escaped this time enother disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_8: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_10: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_12: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him

file: 3663-172528-0021.flac
expected: then he turned to me and said my benvenuto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_2: that he treed to me and sedt my ban ventol be pruden commet no exesses and he you ae qute wrecovert i ba gou to mate me o madanhew with you on hand and i wel always paymy devosius toit for you sak
	layer_4: that heturned to me and sad my ben venalto be prudeed com et no excesses and whe you are quirte recovered i ba you to make me a madona with your own hand and i w'll always pay my devotious to it for your sake
	layer_6: that he turned to me and said my ban venul to be prudened commit no exccesses and whenl you are quite recovered i bag you to make me a modona with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_8: then he turned to me and said my ban venuto be prudent comminte no excesses and when you are uite recovered i beg you to make me a madona with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_10: then he turned to me and said my ban venuleto be prudent comemit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_12: then he turned to me and said my ban venulleto be prudent come mit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake

file: 3663-172528-0022.flac
expected: so i made my mind up and prepared to travel
	layer_2: so i made my myndup and pretear to trevele
	layer_4: so i made my mind up and prepared to trevel
	layer_6: so i made my mind up and prepare to trevel
	layer_8: so i made my mind up and prepared to trevel
	layer_10: so i made my mind up and prepared to travel
	layer_12: so i made my mind up and prepared to travel

file: 3663-172528-0023.flac
expected: that day many friends came to see me among others pier landi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_2: that day many frens kape to seeme among othes pir lode who ws the best adeares friend i evee had
	layer_4: that day many friendscape to see me among others pere lontye who was the best a dearest friend i ever had
	layer_6: that day many friends cape to see me among others piere landy who was the best a dearest friend i ever had
	layer_8: that day many friends came to see me among others pierre landy who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_10: that day many friends came to see me among others pierre landy who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_12: that day many friends came to see me among others pierre landy who was the best and dearest friend i ever had

file: 3663-172528-0024.flac
expected: next day there came a certain niccolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_2: mixes day thai came acersen mnikcallo tha montey agloto who was also a very great fran aof min
	layer_4: nixtday thay came aserson nikolo tha montay aguto who was also a very great fren of mine
	layer_6: next day the came a sergaon nikolo damontei aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_8: next day there came a cergeaon nicolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_10: next day there came a scurgeon nicolo da mante agutto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_12: next day there came a surgeon nicolo dal monte agutto who was also a very great friend of mine

file: 3663-172528-0025.flac
expected: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands
	layer_2: i had harberd him an ro and provid et for his costs while he hedt tured my whole house upsit down for the man was subjrec to ha species of dry scade wheich he was always in the habit of s corechin with is head
	layer_4: i had harbit him in rome and providet for his costs while he had turned my whole house upsite down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the huabit of scoretching with his hand
	layer_6: i had harboered him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upsite down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hand
	layer_8: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hand
	layer_10: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scabe which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hand
	layer_12: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scabe which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hand

file: 3663-172528-0026.flac
expected: meanwhile that able physician francesco da monte varchi attended to my cure with great skill
	layer_2: meanwi that able fisition fronchestcod themonterwarky attended to my kiul with great skil
	layer_4: meanwhile that able physicion fron ches co tha montevarki attended to my cu with great skill
	layer_6: meanwhile that able physician frontches co damontevarci attendernd to my chil with great skill
	layer_8: meanwhile that able physician franchesco da monte varci attended to my khil with great skill
	layer_10: meanwhile that able physician francesco de monte varci attended to my kill with great skill
	layer_12: meanwhile that able physician francesco de mon te varci attended to my kill with great skill

file: 3663-172528-0027.flac
expected: there they seated me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_2: thee the sidit me to wait unti tha duke wedt by
	layer_4: there they sid eed met to waite until the duke went bye
	layer_6: there they sit ied mea to wait until the duke went by
	layer_8: there they seit ad me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_10: there they sitat me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_12: there they sit at me to wait until the duke went by

file: 3663-172528-0028.flac
expected: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shattered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_2: many of my friens at cord came up to greet me and expresse surprice tat i had unde gone the incovenionse of beng carrit in that wa while so shetad by ilness the sad that i ought to erve watet to loi was well and thento ave vsitded the dou
	layer_4: many of my friends at coured came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergone the inconveniens of being carrid in that way while so chetted by illness the sait that i ought to have waited toli was well and then to have visiteed the due
	layer_6: many of my friends at courtd came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shettered by illness the said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_8: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shettered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_10: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shettered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_12: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shettered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke

file: 3663-172528-0029.flac
expected: at these words maestro agostino the dukes tailor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if that is all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_2: at this words mystr ougos teno te yukes tale mat is waye through al those gentmen and sead it tats all you wan to know you shall knoit at this verymomet
	layer_4: at this words mystroougosdenow ve dukes tala mite his wai through all those gentleman and said itf thats all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_6: at these words mystroagostino tedukes tela mite is waiy through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_8: at these words mystr agostino the duke's talo mad his ways through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_10: at these words mystro agostino the duke's taylor make his ways through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_12: at these words myestro agostino the duke's taylor made his ways through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment

file: 3663-172528-0030.flac
expected: giorgio the painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and maestro agostino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not
	layer_2: georgos ta painter whol mi have mansiond happened just en to pass and my srohoglostenow excled tereriys a manrl o cuse you now you know yuseltive it betrel o not
	layer_4: georgos ha painter whom y have mensioned happened jus then to pass and my sroagostino excleed veris tomano accused you now youknow yosel ive it betruel or not
	layer_6: georgos a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and mice trughagustino exclaimed tereis to manhol accused you now you know yoursell wivh it be true or not
	layer_8: georgiosa painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass ad my rouagostino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself with it be true or not
	layer_10: georgios a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and myus rou agustino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself wifh it be true or not
	layer_12: georgios a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and myus ro agustino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself wif it be true or not

file: 3663-172528-0031.flac
expected: as fiercely as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked giorgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_2: as eis e has i could not beng able to lieve my set i ask joljo iyf it was true that he had a kused o me
	layer_4: as peis e as i could not beein able to leave my seat i asked geoldio if it was true that he had accusedto me
	layer_6: as fcy as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked geolgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_8: as feaurcy as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked georgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_10: as fercy as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked georgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_12: as fercy as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked georgio if it was true that he had accused me

file: 3663-172528-0032.flac
expected: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort
	layer_2: he denint that it was so and that he had eve said evrything of the sort
	layer_4: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said evything of the sord
	layer_6: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said enything of the sword
	layer_8: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sord
	layer_10: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort
	layer_12: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort

file: 3663-172528-0033.flac
expected: maestro agostino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_2: my reuw u gtastenot retarted you gallowesbired
	layer_4: my rouwa gostino retorted you gallowsbird
	layer_6: myc cruw agustino retorted you gallowsbird
	layer_8: micerou agostino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_10: micro agustino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_12: micro agustino retorted you gallows bird

file: 3663-172528-0034.flac
expected: dont you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_2: don't he kno that i know it for most serten
	layer_4: don't syu know that i know it for most certain
	layer_6: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_8: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_10: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_12: don't you know that i know it for most certain

file: 3663-172528-0035.flac
expected: giorgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_2: geor jo made off as quecklya he could wrepeding that he had not a cuse me
	layer_4: georgo made off as quickly as he could repeading that he had not accused me
	layer_6: georgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_8: georgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_10: georgio made of as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_12: georgio made of as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me

file: 3663-172528-0036.flac
expected: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_2: than astr  short while the du kape by whereupor i head myself raiset up before his exila sy ad he haltid
	layer_4: then after a sshort while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his axellendsy and he holt it
	layer_6: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_8: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_10: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_12: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted

file: 3663-172528-0037.flac
expected: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regain my health
	layer_2: the duke daysed at me ad mavod i wastal alife afterards fhe ba wme take hed to be an honest man and regae my hels
	layer_4: the duke dazsed at me and marvoede i was teall alife afterwards fhe bate me take hed to be and honoest mean and regane my hels
	layer_6: the duke gazed at me and marvoed i was still alife afterwards e bated me take heed to be an honest mn and regained my hels
	layer_8: the duke gazed at me and marveled i was still alife afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regained my hells
	layer_10: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regained my hells
	layer_12: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regained my hells

file: 3663-172528-0038.flac
expected: when i reached home niccolo da monte aguto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leave because my jeopardy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_2: when i reached hom necolo ta mon tea ghoto came to visit me an told me that i had excate one of the most gretful parials in the worl quite cotrary to all his expectations for he hadt see my ruin riten with indellible eink now i must make hase to get well and after irs tick frenchly because myjeapirdy cabe from aquarter and a man whowas able to destroy my
	layer_4: when i reached home micolod damontayaguto came to visitme and told me that i had excaped one of the most drapefull paris in the worl quite cautraary to all his expectations for he had seed my ruine written with indelible ink now i must make has to get well and afterwars take frenchlef because my jepidy cave from a quarter and a man who wase able to destraoy me
	layer_6: when i reached home nikolo d'amonteaguta came to visit me and told me that i had ecaped one of the most driful periols in the worl quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seed my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwardis take frenchlyf because my japidy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_8: when i reached home niccolo damonteaguto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful periols in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my japody came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_10: when i reached home niccolo da monteaguto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my japady came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_12: when i reached home niccolo da monte a guto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my japady came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me

file: 3663-172528-0039.flac
expected: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_2: i an sar that i had do nothink to displecyn but that he had injurdt me and toldym all thy of fairabout the minth
	layer_4: i ansered that i had dod nothing to displeashim but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_6: i answere that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_8: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had indured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_10: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had endured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_12: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had enjured me and told him all the affair about the mint

file: 3663-172528-0040.flac
expected: he repeated get hence as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_2: he repeadit get hades queckly as you can and be of goold courace for you wi'l se o veagecs executed soonear tan you waxpactt
	layer_4: he repeated get heads as quikly as you can and be of goold curage for you well see of vengence executed sooner then you axpact
	layer_6: he repeated get heads as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see of vengeance executed sooner than you eexpect
	layer_8: he repeated get heads as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see yof vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_10: he repeated get heads as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see of vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_12: he repeated get heads as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see of vengeance executed sooner than you expect

file: 3663-172528-0041.flac
expected: i the best attention to my health gave pietro pagolo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else
	layer_2: i the bes attecien to my hels tavep peartirl pagill at vice abou stating the coins and the went off uport my way to ro withot sayn a word to the duke o anybodhe els
	layer_4: i the best attencien to my helse gave piertral pagalo at vice abou stamping the coins and they went off upon my way to rom without saying a word to the duke o anybodhe ells
	layer_6: i the best attention to my hels gave pi tro pagolo at vice about stamping the coins and the went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke o anybody els
	layer_8: i the best attention to my hells gave pietro pagolo advice about stamping the coins and i went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke of anybody else
	layer_10: i the best attention to my hells gave pietro pagolo advice about stamping the coins and i went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else
	layer_12: i the best attention to my hells gave pietro pagolo advice about stamping the coins and i went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else

file: 3663-172528-0042.flac
expected: you want them to immortalise that ferocious tyrant
	layer_2: you want them to  more tolie that for rocies tirent
	layer_4: you want them to emore tolize tet forrocious tirant
	layer_6: you want them to emortilize that ferocious tyrent
	layer_8: you want them to imortalize that ferocious tyrant
	layer_10: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant
	layer_12: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant

file: 3663-172528-0043.flac
expected: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you our inveterate foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_2: you havd never made anything sol ex wesit which provsyou ir i vaterit fo and thea i vod eat fred and yet the puope a e have had i twise i min to hangk you withou any fault of yos
	layer_4: you have never made anything so exquisit which proves you iurl invatterate fo and thee divodet friend and yet the pope and he have had it twise in mind to handg you withou any fault of yurse
	layer_6: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you ouwil inveterate foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_8: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you our inveterate foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_10: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you our inveterate foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mine to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_12: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you our inveterate foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mine to hang you without any fault of yours

file: 3663-172528-0044.flac
expected: it was firmly believed that duke alessandro was the son of pope clement
	layer_2: it was frmly belet that du alisidetre was the sin of pope plavin
	layer_4: it was firmly beletd that duke alisiddele was the son of puped plamint
	layer_6: it was firmly believe that duked alisadro was the son of pope plemond
	layer_8: it was firmly believed that duke alessaddro was the son of pope clament
	layer_10: it was firmly believed that duke alessandro was the son of pope plament
	layer_12: it was firmly believed that duke alessandro was the son of pope plament

file: 3663-172528-0045.flac
expected: messer francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that medal
	layer_2: meserfroen chescol used oso to say and swere by all he saints that if he could he would have roped me of the dies for that meadaw
	layer_4: meser fronchescal used ol so to say and swere by all his sents that if he could he would have ropbed me of the dies for that meadow
	layer_6: meser francesco used aso to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbped me of the dies for that meadow
	layer_8: mesor francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dyes for that meadow
	layer_10: messr francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dyes for that meadow
	layer_12: messr francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dyes for that meadow

file: 3663-172528-0046.flac
expected: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_2: i raspornder that he had done welld to tel mesof and that i would tix such care of them that he should nemves them more
	layer_4: i respornded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would tike such care of them that he should neves e them more
	layer_6: i respoinded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_8: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_10: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_12: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more

file: 3663-172528-0047.flac
expected: i now sent to florence to request lorenzino that he would send me the reverse of the medal
	layer_2: i no sen to flowerence to requese loren senong that he would seain me the revers of the meadal
	layer_4: i dow sent to flowrence to requese loren sen on that he would sand me the reverse of the medolw
	layer_6: i nouw sent to florence to reques lorensyneon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_8: i now sent to florence to request lorencinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_10: i now sent to florence to request lorencilnon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_12: i now sent to florence to request lorencinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow

file: 3663-172528-0048.flac
expected: niccolo da monte aguto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorenzino for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_2: nicol o tha monteal goouto to whom i hadt reto wrode bak saying that he hadt spokceln to that mad melof caoly thlosufer lored seenot forit he ha repliedthahe was stinking night ad day of nothing else and that he would finishit as soon as he was able
	layer_4: nicolod ta montal guto to whome i had reton rouhte back saying that he had spoken to that mad malon coly fhilawsoffer lored she no for it he had replied ha he was thinking nighet ad day of nothing euse and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_6: nikolo damontel guto to whom i had reatten wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorede now for it he had replied that he was thinking night a day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_8: niccolo da montel guto to whom i had wreitten wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorence now for it he had replied that he was thinking night a day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_10: niccolo da montel gutto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorenc no for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_12: niccolo dal monteil gutto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorenci no for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able

file: 3663-172528-0049.flac
expected: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_2: nevertelis i was not to set my hopes upon his revers but i had better ivend one out of my owlnd head and when i had finishd id i might bring t without  hasitatien to the duke for this would be to my evontache
	layer_4: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i hade finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my atvantage
	layer_6: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_8: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_10: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_12: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage

file: 3663-172528-0050.flac
expected: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the work forward to my best ability
	layer_2: i compost the deing of e reverse which seeed to me appropiat adpressed the word forwet to my best ability
	layer_4: i composed the design of a reverse which seeved to me appropiate andpressed the word forwid to my best ability
	layer_6: i composed the design of a reverse which ceeved to me appropiate and pressed the word forward to my best ability
	layer_8: i composed the design of a reverse which ceemed to me appropiate amd pressed the word forward to my best ability
	layer_10: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the word forward to my best ability
	layer_12: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the word forward to my best ability

file: 3663-172528-0051.flac
expected: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used often to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_2: this beageso as he was a fellowle of much fheumer we yoused affi to laughe together abut the great credit he hat gaie
	layer_4: this big so as he was a fellow of much fhumar wee used offere to laugh together about the great credit he had game
	layer_6: this big so as he was a fellow of much humor we used offere to laugh together about the great credit he had gain
	layer_8: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used offer to laugh together about the great credit he had gaine
	layer_10: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used offer to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_12: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used offer to laugh together about the great credit he had gained

file: 3663-172528-0052.flac
expected: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling piece ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_2: i therefor dis mounted at os got my foling peas ragy and at  very log range brought to of them down with a sigol ball
	layer_4: i therefore dismounted at ones got my fowling peace radye and at a very long range brought twoe of them down with a sigol ball
	layer_6: i therefore dismounted at once got my fouling peace rady and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_8: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling peace readdy and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_10: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling pieace ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_12: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling pieace ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball

file: 3663-172528-0053.flac
expected: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_2: i nevea used to sut withmoe tat one ball and was usully able to hat my mark at to hundre kobits which cannot be don by other wayse of lodyg
	layer_4: i nevea used to shoed with mall than one ball and was usually able to heat my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loding
	layer_6: i never used to shood with moll than one ball and was usually able to hat my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_8: i never used to shoedt with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loaling
	layer_10: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_12: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading

file: 3663-172528-0054.flac
expected: i lifted my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_2: i livet at my fot an that the wate ranout thed when it had mounted we make hased for rom
	layer_4: i livet it my foot and let the waterun out then when i had mounted we mae haste for rom
	layer_6: i lived it my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made hazte for roame
	layer_8: i lifedat my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made hazte for rome
	layer_10: i lifted my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_12: i lifted my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome

file: 4323-18416-0000.flac
expected: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts phronsie turned fearfully away
	layer_2: there was no answer and after on ertwo in efectual attents fronsy turd fearfully away
	layer_4: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attents frolsy tured fearfully away
	layer_6: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attents frowlsi tured fearfully away
	layer_8: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attents pralseie turned fearfully away
	layer_10: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts prasie turned fearfully away
	layer_12: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts phralsie turned fearfully away

file: 4323-18416-0001.flac
expected: i'll try and she laid a quick hand on the knob
	layer_2: all try and she lait a qui kin nonm manow
	layer_4: i'll try and she laid a quick in n o monow
	layer_6: i'll try and she laid a quickin an olmanow
	layer_8: i'll try and she laid a quick han in o me now
	layer_10: i'll try and she laid a quick han an on manow
	layer_12: i'll try and she laid a quick hand in on ma now

file: 4323-18416-0002.flac
expected: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_2: two red spots burnonorcheekes and her paledly ie snappt
	layer_4: two red spots burnd on her cheeks and her paled low ised snapped
	layer_6: two red spots burn on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_8: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_10: two red spots burned on her cheeks nher pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_12: two red spots burned on her cheeks aher pale blue eyes snapped

file: 4323-18416-0003.flac
expected: oh i'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_2: wime suri heard it raging ot then down
	layer_4: whi'm sure i heard at raging o then down
	layer_6: hy'm sure i heard it raging u the down
	layer_8: i'm sure i heard it raging up an down
	layer_10: i'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_12: i'm sure i heard it raging up and down

file: 4323-18416-0004.flac
expected: i don't want any dinner said charlotte drawing back
	layer_2: i don't monan you ditner said sharlet drawing tack
	layer_4: i don't want anyou dinner said sharlet drawing tack
	layer_6: i don't want any dinner said charlt drawing back
	layer_8: i don't want any dinner said charlottedrawing back
	layer_10: i don't want any dinner said charlotte drawing back
	layer_12: i don't want any dinner said charlotte drawing back

file: 4323-18416-0005.flac
expected: yes indeed said polly cheerily just as fine as can be
	layer_2: yes indeed said polycerly just es fine s can be
	layer_4: yes indeed said pollicherily just as fine as can be
	layer_6: yes indeed said poly cheriliy just as fine as can be
	layer_8: yes indeed said polly cherily just as fine as can be
	layer_10: yes indeed said polly cherily just as fine as can be
	layer_12: yes indeed said polly cherily just as fine as can be

file: 4323-18416-0006.flac
expected: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlotte out
	layer_2: a suredly said od mister king with great satasfaction ind polys pleasur and at her successin droying sharlet hout
	layer_4: asuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction ind polly's pleasure and at her succests and ding sharlet out
	layer_6: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success injowying charlott out
	layer_8: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success en jrawing charlotte out
	layer_10: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlotte out
	layer_12: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlotte out

file: 4323-18416-0007.flac
expected: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chatterton
	layer_2: an afterd this the eue no more quiet days for sharlit chauttiton
	layer_4: and after this there would no more quiet days for sharelete chatiton
	layer_6: and after this there would no more quiet days for charlte chatterton
	layer_8: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chatterton
	layer_10: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chatterton
	layer_12: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chatterton

file: 4323-18416-0008.flac
expected: oh bless me it's you phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_2: oh but me it t you forondy in pleaced to prise
	layer_4: oh bust me at you frondy in pleaced sorprise
	layer_6: oh bless me at you phronsie inpleased surprise
	layer_8: oh bless me at you phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_10: oh bless me it you phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_12: oh bless me it you phronsie in pleased surprise

file: 4323-18416-0009.flac
expected: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the door carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_2: yesgramndt pa said frondsy coming an and shuting that hor carfully i came on purpose to seeyou all alone
	layer_4: yesgrampapat said froniy coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_6: yes grand papa said phronsie coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_8: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_10: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the door carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_12: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the door carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone

file: 4323-18416-0010.flac
expected: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_2: so you' did dear said mister king highdly grot ifid inmpuishing away his riting table he held out as hand
	layer_4: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified imd pushing away his riding table he held out his hand
	layer_6: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his riting table he held out his hand
	layer_8: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_10: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified ind pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_12: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified ind pushing away his writing table he held out his hand

file: 4323-18416-0011.flac
expected: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_2: who kno grand fupo cried froandsy an aerapshr i could never be dto biakg for that so she perched up as of ald on his nig than she fold ed her hands nd looked gravelly in his face
	layer_4: o no grandpapa cried fronsy nd a raptser i could never be do big for that so she perched up as of old on his kne then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_6: oh no grandpapa cried phronsi in ha rapture i could never be doo big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands andlooked gravely in his face
	layer_8: oh no grandpapa cried phronsi in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_10: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_12: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face

file: 4323-18416-0012.flac
expected: well my dear what is it
	layer_2: wellt my dear what is it
	layer_4: well my dear what is it
	layer_6: well my dear what is it
	layer_8: well my dear what is it
	layer_10: well my dear what is it
	layer_12: well my dear what is it

file: 4323-18416-0013.flac
expected: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_2: as the old gon aman presently you'e come to tell me somethin i suppose
	layer_4: as the old genaman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_6: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_8: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_10: asked the old genleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_12: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose

file: 4323-18416-0014.flac
expected: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter and sighed
	layer_2: yes grand papat i have said frondsy decidtidly and it is most important too grat apac ant oh i do wish its so wmuch and she clasd her hans titer ind side
	layer_4: yes grand papat i have said fronsy decidedly and it is most important too grad bepat and oh i do wish it so much and she classped her hands tihter and side
	layer_6: yes gran papat i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grad papo and oh i do wish it so much and she classped her hands tighther inside
	layer_8: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too gradpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tight her inside
	layer_10: yes gran'papa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too gradpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter inside
	layer_12: yes gran'papa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter inside

file: 4323-18416-0015.flac
expected: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_2: well t an frondse if you wantet i supposit must be said mister king quite ase a matte of course
	layer_4: well then frondsy if you wanted i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_6: well then fhronsiy if you want id i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_8: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_10: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_12: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course

file: 4323-18416-0016.flac
expected: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_2: o she left you oferthink she had fronly i cup le of millioncs orso it is why
	layer_4: oh she left you very thing she had frondy i couple wof milions ore so it is why
	layer_6: oh she left you everything she had ronsy i couple itf millions or so it is why
	layer_8: oh she left you everything she had vhronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_10: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_12: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why

file: 4323-18416-0017.flac
expected: charlotte poor repeated the old gentleman
	layer_2: sharlt por repeated the ol gentleman
	layer_4: sharvlet poort repeated the old gentleman
	layer_6: charlet poor repeated the old gentleman
	layer_8: charlotte por repeated the old gentleman
	layer_10: charlotte port repeated the old gentleman
	layer_12: charlotte port repeated the old gentleman

file: 4323-18416-0018.flac
expected: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed
	layer_2: wy knon' not exactly her father is an riche but shar let i think by dou very well especialy as i intend to keeper hear for awhile and then ni shal never let her suffert froncse never indeet
	layer_4: why know not exactly her father is n rich but sharlet i think bay o very well especially as i intend to keep her hear for a while and then i shall never let her suffere fronsy never indeed
	layer_6: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlot i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer pronsiy never indeed
	layer_8: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for awhile and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed
	layer_10: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed
	layer_12: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed

file: 4323-18416-0019.flac
expected: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_2: grad apa said frondcy was n't missus chaditan at to sharlet
	layer_4: grad bafa said fhronsy wasn't missus chatteton aunt to sharlet
	layer_6: grad bafa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_8: gradpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_10: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_12: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte

file: 4323-18416-0020.flac
expected: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotte ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_2: if missus chatr tin was ant to shrfit pursistod fronsy slowly it seems is if sharled ougt to have som of the movy it realy dos gran papa
	layer_4: if missus chatterton was aunt tos sharlet persisted fronsy slowly it seems as if sharled ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_6: if missus chatterton was aunt do charltte persisted phronsiy slowly it seems as if charlod ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_8: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlot ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_10: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotteought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_12: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotteought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa

file: 4323-18416-0021.flac
expected: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunice was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_2: maybe said the old gentemon with a short laugf and i shouldn't wonder of cousin yunes was sory over a few other things too fronzy
	layer_4: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder of cousin ounass was sorry over a few other things too fronzy
	layer_6: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin unus was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_8: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunis was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_10: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunis was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_12: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunis was sorry over a few other things too phronsie

file: 4323-18416-0022.flac
expected: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money
	layer_2: what nit make hervery glad if i davu shalet som af the money
	layer_4: watd nt it make her very glad if i dave shallet some of the money
	layer_6: wouldn't it make her very glad if i dave shalet some of the money
	layer_8: wouldn't it make her very glad if i dave charlotte some of the money
	layer_10: wouldn't it make her very glad if id gave charlotte some of the money
	layer_12: wouldn't it make her very glad if id gave charlotte some of the money

file: 4323-18416-0023.flac
expected: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_2: for answer mister king setdtedown hastily on the floor und too two oreth ree turns up an down the rom
	layer_4: for answer mister king seter down hastily on the floor and took two woer three turns up and down the room
	layer_6: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_8: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_10: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_12: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room

file: 4323-18416-0024.flac
expected: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_2: owhi do so wish i might she said ther' so much for a little girwlike me
	layer_4: owhy do so wish i might she said ther'e so much for a little girlike me
	layer_6: oh hy do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_8: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_10: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_12: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me

file: 4323-18416-0025.flac
expected: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer
	layer_2: it would be so nize to have sharl tet have some with me still kno answer
	layer_4: it would be so kniced to have sharlet have some with me still no answer
	layer_6: it would be so nice to have sharlet have some with me still no answer
	layer_8: it would be so nice to have charlott have some with me still no answer
	layer_10: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer
	layer_12: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer

file: 4323-18416-0026.flac
expected: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_2: i was riting a not to missus fargo said vronzy putting up prelips forikase
	layer_4: i was writing a note to missus fargo said fransy putting up pherelips forakiss
	layer_6: i was writing a note to missus fargo said vhronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_8: i was writing a note to missus fargoe said phronsiye putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_10: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_12: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss

file: 4323-18416-0027.flac
expected: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smiling good by dear
	layer_2: sure as i couln be fronzy said l mister king smily good by dear
	layer_4: sure as i cant be fronsy said ald mister king smily good by dear
	layer_6: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smily good bye dear
	layer_8: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smily good by dear
	layer_10: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smily good bye dear
	layer_12: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smily good bye dear

file: 4323-18416-0028.flac
expected: there there my sister's boy shall never say that but come in come in
	layer_2: theret ther isis trspoy shall never say that but comin coman
	layer_4: there theet rmy sister spoi shall never say that but come in comment
	layer_6: theyre there my sister spoy shall never say that but come in commin
	layer_8: theyre there my sisters boy shall never say that but come in comein
	layer_10: there there my sister's boy shall never say that but come in comein
	layer_12: there there my sister's boy shall never say that but come in come in

file: 4323-18416-0029.flac
expected: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into a chair
	layer_2: not to be youngracious the young manthlry omself int wich er
	layer_4: not to beyungracious the young mantheywhimself int wich hair
	layer_6: not to be ungracious the young man tlrew himself intowitch hair
	layer_8: not to be ungracious the young man fhlrew himself into ich air
	layer_10: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into ach air
	layer_12: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into atch hair

file: 4323-18416-0030.flac
expected: oh hang it uncle why can't you let me alone
	layer_2: ohhang it in gle wi eantho let me alone
	layer_4: oh hang at in tle why e inshe let me alone
	layer_6: oh hang it uncle whye an she let me alone
	layer_8: oh hang it uncle why can' she let me alone
	layer_10: oh hang it uncle why can't she let me alone
	layer_12: oh hang it uncle why can't she let me alone

file: 4323-18416-0031.flac
expected: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_2: which is a wonder anterpolieded pickering
	layer_4: which is a wonder interpolited pickering
	layer_6: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_8: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_10: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_12: which is a wonder interpolated pickering

file: 4323-18416-0032.flac
expected: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_2: i know you did oncl said pickering youve done everything nhit's good
	layer_4: i know you did uncle said pickering yu've donet everything that's good
	layer_6: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_8: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_10: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_12: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good

file: 4323-18416-0033.flac
expected: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_2: for haven' sat pickerin critd as uncle darting ind friont of the chair in its restlessockbot don't say that again'
	layer_4: for haven' sate pickering cried his uncle darting in fron of the chair and its restless occupet don't say that again
	layer_6: for heaven' sate pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair ind its restless occupet don't say that again
	layer_8: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_10: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_12: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again

file: 4323-18416-0034.flac
expected: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for naught but i hope i've not sunk to that
	layer_2: i've ben a laizsy dag ol my life in a good for not but i hopeid not sum tod that
	layer_4: i've been e lazy dog onl my life an a good for not but i hope of not som to that
	layer_6: i've been a lazy dog ol my life and a good for not but i hope ofe not somp to that
	layer_8: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nought but i hope 've not some to that
	layer_10: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nought but i hope i'v not sumpe to that
	layer_12: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nought but i hope i'v not sumpe to that

file: 4323-13259-0000.flac
expected: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_2: the church bels werebrining and peopl n the ovene going bhy ti servics turned curious inquiring looks up the the great haus and then went on talkin ot the recon avent which hald so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_4: the church vells were ringing and people on the avenuw going by to service turned churious inquiring looks up wt the great house and them went on talking of the recon events which had so strangely enterd into and made history in the city
	layer_6: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up wit the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_8: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up wat the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_10: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_12: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city

file: 4323-13259-0001.flac
expected: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_2: and althouwh his impassion appeald tis morning there was anota sadmess and rebuke and sterned condemation bhat made many of the member's pale with self acusation or withinwared anger
	layer_4: and all throuwh his impassiond appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebeuke and sterned condamation that made many of the member's pale with self accusation or withinward anger
	layer_6: and all through his impassione appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the member's pale with self accusation or withinward anger
	layer_8: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_10: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_12: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger

file: 4323-13259-0002.flac
expected: raymond had voted to continue for another year the saloon
	layer_2: ramand had boted to continyou for i another year the sllo
	layer_4: ramon head boated to continue for another year thes aloon
	layer_6: raymon had boted to continue for another year this aloon
	layer_8: raymond had boted to continue for another year this aloon
	layer_10: raymond had boted to continue for another year this aloon
	layer_12: raymond had boted to continue for another year this aloon

file: 4323-13259-0003.flac
expected: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result
	layer_2: the cristions of ram andsted condemn by the result
	layer_4: the christians of ramon stoeod condemned by the result
	layer_6: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result
	layer_8: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result
	layer_10: the christians of raimond stood condemned by the result
	layer_12: the christians of raimond stood condemned by the result

file: 4323-13259-0004.flac
expected: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_2: for that had bee the factind rame and for yearse te salon ruled
	layer_4: for that had been the fact in ramend for gyearse the saloon ruled
	layer_6: for that had been the fact in raymond for yearse the saloon ruled
	layer_8: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_10: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_12: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled

file: 4323-13259-0005.flac
expected: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_2: residnt march sthat there his usual ie rect anseom birrm wrightself confpitint baring all go his head bout upon his bresst the great tears rolling down his cheeks unlainfull wfd the fact that never before had hy shown outwaredtamotion in a public servise
	layer_4: president marsh that there his usual erectd handsome birm wright self compedent bearing all gon his head bowet upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unlinedful of the fact that never before head he showne outwar emotion in a public service
	layer_6: president marsh that there his usual erect handsome firm right self compedent bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never beforehad he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_8: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm right self conpitent bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he showne outward emotion in a public service
	layer_10: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_12: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm right self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service

file: 4323-13259-0006.flac
expected: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_2: what if he had begun to do was jesus woard have den long ago
	layer_4: what if he had begun to do as jesus woald have don long ago
	layer_6: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_8: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_10: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_12: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago

file: 4323-13259-0007.flac
expected: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_2: when had the first hurch iel ed to such abakd his im of tears
	layer_4: when had the first her c yieldte to such a bapt hism of ters
	layer_6: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_8: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_10: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_12: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears

file: 4323-13259-0008.flac
expected: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_2: what hid become of its regular precice conventional order of service undistered by any volgar amotion and un moved by any folish ecxcitemen
	layer_4: what hit become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_6: what it become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_8: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_10: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_12: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement

file: 4323-13259-0009.flac
expected: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_2: they had been living so long on their surfhasfeelings that they had almost forgoten the deeaper wells of lie
	layer_4: they had been living so long on their surfacefeelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_6: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_8: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_10: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_12: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life

file: 4323-13259-0010.flac
expected: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whiskey power in raymond that would break its reign forever
	layer_2: the meading was tender it gloed with the spir its pesencs it was a live was stong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whiskcy power and ramento that would break et's rain for ever
	layer_4: the meting was tender it gloaed with the spirits presents it was alive was strong and lasting resolved to begin a war on the whisky power and rayment that would break its rain for ever
	layer_6: the meeting was tender it glowed wit the spirits presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power en raymond that would break its rein for ever
	layer_8: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirits presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power and raiyment that would break its rain forever
	layer_10: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power in raiment that would break its rain for ever
	layer_12: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power in raiment that would break its rain for ever

file: 4323-13259-0011.flac
expected: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_2: since the first sone tey when the first company obllintears had plece themselves to do has jesus woutd deu the different metings had been caractrised by distanct impulses or impressions
	layer_4: since the first sondey when the first company ofvolunters had pledged themselves to do is jesus would do the different meetings had been character ized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_6: since the first sunday when the first company of bolunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterised by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_8: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_10: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_12: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions

file: 4323-13259-0012.flac
expected: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse
	layer_2: and alteorhw it ran one general cri for deliverance anm the salon in its oful curse
	layer_4: and altrouwh it ran one general cry for deliverance am the saloon in its afulcurse
	layer_6: and althruwh it ran one general cry for deliverance fom the saloon in its awful curse
	layer_8: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse
	layer_10: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon an its awful curse
	layer_12: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse

file: 4323-13259-0013.flac
expected: gray and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what loreen's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_2: grin his wife for be seech by inquirs who anted to now what lorians friends an acquaintances wer expected to do ind pain nheir losterspets to her
	layer_4: gray in his wife woer besege by inquirers who wanted to know what lorian's friends and acquintances wer expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_6: grey and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what laurian's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in payng their last respects to her
	layer_8: grey and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what laurian's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_10: grey and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what laurine's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_12: grey and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what larrine's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her

file: 4323-13259-0014.flac
expected: gray had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_2: gray had gone uph to vieginies and after talking iatover with her nd maxpal erangement had beenmade
	layer_4: gray had gone up to virginiens and after talking it over with her and maxiwel he arrangement had been made
	layer_6: gray had gone up to virginias and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_8: gray had gone up to virginias and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_10: gray had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_12: gray had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made

file: 4323-13259-0015.flac
expected: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its great sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew loreen is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_2: i am and alwas have been appose sa large publitc funeral sad gray whose complete hulsome s implicity of caracter was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cri of the poor creaturs wo new lorin is so erness that i oud not know howdter af fused the desire to see her and paye her foor body some last blittle honor what do ou think mister maxbel
	layer_4: i am and always have been aposed te large public vunerals said grey whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who new lorine is so earnes that i did not know how tor efuse thi desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxibll
	layer_6: i am and always have been opposed o large public funerals said grey whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew lorene is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse thi desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_8: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creature's who knew lorene is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_10: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said grey whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew loreen is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_12: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said grey whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew loreen is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxwell

file: 4323-13259-0016.flac
expected: i will be guided by your judgment in the matter
	layer_2: i will be gaded by gour jedchemen an h matter
	layer_4: i will be guided by your utchment in the matter
	layer_6: i will be guided by your jechment in the matter
	layer_8: i will be guided by your judgment ind the matter
	layer_10: i will be guided by your judgement and the matter
	layer_12: i will be guided by your judgement and the matter

file: 4323-13259-0017.flac
expected: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_2: i am sure tat whatever you in miss pace think fest will byo wright
	layer_4: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be wrihte
	layer_6: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_8: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_10: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_12: i am sure that whatever you and miss paghe think best will be right

file: 4323-13259-0018.flac
expected: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_2: under the sircumsances i have a great is tasted for what seem like tisplay it such times but tis sems different
	layer_4: under the circumstances i have a great dis taste for what seemd like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_6: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_8: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_10: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_12: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different

file: 4323-13259-0019.flac
expected: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing through raymond on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city
	layer_2: hit happened that that afternoon i somewhat notad nes fapercoresfon it was passing di rag and on his way to an etatorial conmention in he neighboring sity
	layer_4: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted nespaper correspond it was passing de ramend on his way to an editorial convention in e neighbouring city
	layer_6: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing du raymond on his way to an editorial convention in ta neighbouring city
	layer_8: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing thou raymond on his way to an editorial convention in a neighbouring city
	layer_10: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing through raymond on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city
	layer_12: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing through raymond on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city

file: 4323-13259-0020.flac
expected: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services at the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a metropolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_2: she was a com mon street dronkerd and yet the service is at thetent were ais impressivf as any i ever witnesd an a meter polit and church over the most distinguishe scotizen
	layer_4: she was a commond street dronkered and yet the servicees ot the tent where as impressive as any i ever witnessed and a metr poulitand church over the most disinguished citizen
	layer_6: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services ot the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a measrepolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_8: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a measure politan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_10: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a measurepolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_12: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a measurepolitan church over the most distinguished citizen

file: 4323-13259-0021.flac
expected: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_2: it struckt me of course being e stranger in the place with considerable stonishment to her voics like those one naturallexpect to her only en great churches ore consets at such i mating is this
	layer_4: its struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concercts at such a meting as this
	layer_6: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meting as this
	layer_8: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meting as this
	layer_10: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_12: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this

file: 4323-13259-0022.flac
expected: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_2: mister mackxswel spoke ot the fect that the ded woman had been fully prepaired to go but he soken at peculiarly sensitive maner of the effect of the licker bistines s on the lives ip man and women like this ane
	layer_4: mister max will spoke ot the fect that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spokeen a peculialy sensitive manner of the effect of the licquer business on the lives at men and women like this one
	layer_6: mister max well spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spokein a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_8: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_10: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_12: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one

file: 4323-13259-0023.flac
expected: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centre of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_2: ramend of course being arair ad town an the center of the great packing interois for the s regien is full of soloncs
	layer_4: rayment of course being arailrod town and the centre of the great packing interest for this region is full of saloons
	layer_6: raymond of course being a railrod town and the centre of the great packing interests for this regiont is full of saloons
	layer_8: raymond of course being a railroad town and the center of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_10: raymond of course being a railroad town and the center of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_12: raymond of course being a railroad town and the center of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons

file: 4323-13259-0024.flac
expected: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_2: then followed what was perhaps the qreer part of the strange service
	layer_4: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of th strange service
	layer_6: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_8: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_10: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_12: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service

file: 4323-13259-0025.flac
expected: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_2: it was one of the simplist and at the same time one of the most himpressivfsites i ever witnesst
	layer_4: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sihts i ever witnessed
	layer_6: it was one of the simblest and at the same time one of the most impressive sigts i ever witnessed
	layer_8: it was one of the symblest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_10: was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_12: was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed

file: 4323-13259-0026.flac
expected: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_2: there must havebeen a hundred of these wloman and i was told many of them had ben converted at the meting stjust recently
	layer_4: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_6: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_8: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_10: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_12: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently

file: 4323-55228-0000.flac
expected: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_2: the nex moment he fell bag in amazement before the impetuous rush of a story yed flush cheek young roman who demanded
	layer_4: the next moment he fell back and amazement before the impetuous rush of a storry eyed flush cheek young woman who demanded
	layer_6: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flush cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_8: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushd cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_10: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_12: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded

file: 4323-55228-0001.flac
expected: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_2: where ise peat mis billy gased the od man
	layer_4: where is he pete missbillye gasped the old man
	layer_6: where is he pet miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_8: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_10: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_12: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man

file: 4323-55228-0002.flac
expected: aunt hannah's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_2: ant han is scheeks too where flushed and heryes story but with dismay and anger the last because she did not wlike the way pet had said miss billie's name
	layer_4: aunt han his cheeks too ere flushed ind her yes storry but with dismay an anger the last because she did not like the way peathad said miss billy's name
	layer_6: aunt hannas cheeks too were flushed an her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pet had said miss billy's name
	layer_8: aunt hanna's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_10: aunt hanna's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_12: aunt hanna's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name

file: 4323-55228-0003.flac
expected: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pete to do it of course it's she
	layer_2: it was one matter for hear to object to thes thing villy was doing but quiete another for peak to do it of course its she
	layer_4: it was one matter for her to object to the thing billy was doing but quite another for peat to do it of course its she
	layer_6: it was one matter for her to object to this thing milly was doing but quite another for peak to do it of course it's she
	layer_8: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pique to do it of course it's she
	layer_10: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pique to do it of course it's she
	layer_12: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pitue to do it of course it's she

file: 4323-55228-0004.flac
expected: retorted aunt hannah testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_2: retorded ant hannatestilly as if you your selft n fring her her with your crasy messages it this time of knight pet werei sy
	layer_4: retorted ant hannatestily as if you yourselfden't bring her her with your crazy messages at this time of night pat wereu see
	layer_6: retorted aunt hannatestily as if you yourself don' bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pet where s he
	layer_8: retorted aunt hanna testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_10: retorted aunt hannah testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_12: retorted aunt hannah testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he

file: 4323-55228-0005.flac
expected: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him
	layer_2: anter pose billy tell mister ber to mi am her or wait i'll a ritid intsorpris ont
	layer_4: interposed billy tell mister bertor my am here or wat i'll go rided int surprisean
	layer_6: interposed billy tell mister berter my am here or wait i'll go wright it and surprise it
	layer_8: interposed billy tell mister berthrm i am here or wait i'll go wriht it and surprise it
	layer_10: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go writ in and surprise hit
	layer_12: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go writ in and surprise hit

file: 4323-55228-0006.flac
expected: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah
	layer_2: pet ad recovered himself by now but he did not even glance owr dant hanna
	layer_4: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not eveen glanced owardaunthanna
	layer_6: pet had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hanna
	layer_8: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah
	layer_10: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah
	layer_12: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah

file: 4323-55228-0007.flac
expected: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_2: miss billy miss billy yore an angjel straikefrom havan you are you are o i'm so glad you came
	layer_4: miss billye miss billy your an angel straihte from haven you are you are o i'm so glad you came
	layer_6: miss billy miss billy ou'r an angel straight from heaveng you are you re oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_8: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_10: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_12: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came

file: 4323-55228-0008.flac
expected: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_2: it'll be all righte now all right he'sin the deane miss pilly
	layer_4: it'll be all right now all right he sin the den miss billy
	layer_6: it'll be all right now all right he sen the den miss billy
	layer_8: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_10: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_12: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy

file: 4323-55228-0009.flac
expected: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy stop
	layer_2: villy turne eagerly but before she could take so much as oncetep towhered the doorat the andeo the hal ant heanas indignant voice ugrested her bille stope
	layer_4: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the und of the hall aunt hannhis indignant voice errested her billiy's stope
	layer_6: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hanna's indignant voice arrested her billy's stopp
	layer_8: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hanna's indignant voice arrested her billys stop
	layer_10: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy stop
	layer_12: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy stop

file: 4323-55228-0010.flac
expected: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched
	layer_2: peat go tellg your master that we or here and ask if you will receive us pece lips twitched
	layer_4: peat go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pets lips twitched
	layer_6: pet go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pet slips twitched
	layer_8: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us peat's lips twitched
	layer_10: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us peat's lips twitched
	layer_12: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us peat's lips twitched

file: 4323-55228-0011.flac
expected: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_2: but his face was predoer naturally grave when he spok
	layer_4: but his face was preder nanturally grave when he spok
	layer_6: but his face was predernaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_8: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_10: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_12: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke

file: 4323-55228-0012.flac
expected: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on its knees by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_2: a fying toit your brushd by him and fell oni sesed by the cout with a low cry burthrim's eyes flew open
	layer_4: a flying figyoure brushed by him an fell onit seesed by the coutch with a low cry birtcram's eyes flew open
	layer_6: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seized by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_8: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seize by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_10: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on its seize by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_12: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on its seize by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open

file: 4323-55228-0013.flac
expected: dong ling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_2: dongling found im thera menut later polishing a silfr teaspoon with a frincgh napkin that had been spread over burchermstry
	layer_4: donling found him theire aminute later polishing a silvher taspoon with a frinch napkin that had been spread over berchram stra
	layer_6: dolling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a frinch napkin that had been spread over berchram's tray
	layer_8: darling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringe napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_10: darling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringe napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_12: darling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringe napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray

file: 4323-55228-0014.flac
expected: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside
	layer_2: in the hall above thant hanni was crying into will ium s gray len andduster that hung on the hall rack ant han as hankracief was on the flor back it heilseid
	layer_4: in the hall above aunt hanno was crying into wiliam's graylin and duster that hung on the hall rack ant hannhi's handkerchief was on the floor backet helside
	layer_6: in the hall above aunt hanno was crying into william's graylyn and duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hanna's handkerchief was on the floor backet helside
	layer_8: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into williams gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back t hillside
	layer_10: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hill side
	layer_12: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hill side

file: 4323-55228-0015.flac
expected: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained in it all
	layer_2: then very graduwally it dondover then that there was after all something strange and on exclained  itall
	layer_4: then very gradually it daunetd over them that there was after all something strange and unexclained it int all
	layer_6: then very gradually it daned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it it all
	layer_8: then very gradually it dawnned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it at all
	layer_10: then very gradually it dawnned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained in at all
	layer_12: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained in at all

file: 4323-55228-0016.flac
expected: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_2: as if to make ure that she was here like this he de hr evend closor burtam was so thankgful thitdi did have one arm that wos usable
	layer_4: as if to make sure that she was here like this he de her even closer burtim was so thankful that hi id have one arm that was usable
	layer_6: as if to make sure that she was here like this he dew her even closer bertam was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_8: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertam was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_10: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_12: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable

file: 4323-55228-0017.flac
expected: why of of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_2: why o of course stamred billy i couldn't help thinking that may be you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_4: why o of course stamred billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_6: why o of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_8: why o of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_10: why  of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_12: why  of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me

file: 4323-55228-0018.flac
expected: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_2: demanded burt rim angry and mistifid
	layer_4: demainded bert ram angry and mistified
	layer_6: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_8: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_10: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_12: demanded bertram angry and mystified

file: 4323-55228-0019.flac
expected: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dearie
	layer_2: as for my not painting again you' din understhand pete dary
	layer_4: as for my not painting again you didn't understand peat deary
	layer_6: as for my not painting again you didnt understand pet deary
	layer_8: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dearrye
	layer_10: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dearrie
	layer_12: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dearrie

file: 4323-55228-0020.flac
expected: she pulled herself half away from bertram's encircling arm
	layer_2: she puled her self half away from brithims ind sircling orm
	layer_4: she puled herself half away from bridchrims and circling arm
	layer_6: she pulled herself half away from bridtrams in circkling arm
	layer_8: she pulled herself half away from bridram's encircling arm
	layer_10: she pulled herself half away from britram's encircling arm
	layer_12: she pulled herself half away from britram's ecircling arm

file: 4323-55228-0021.flac
expected: billy drew a quivering sigh
	layer_2: billiy doura quivering sig
	layer_4: billy dou a quivering sigh
	layer_6: billydrouw a quivering sigh
	layer_8: billi drew a quivering sigh
	layer_10: billy drew a quivering sigh
	layer_12: billy drew a quivering sigh

file: 4323-55228-0022.flac
expected: good heavens is kate in this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_2: good haven's is catin this to burcims voice weas savage now
	layer_4: good heavens is caton this too berchrum's voice wats savage now
	layer_6: good heavens is katen this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_8: good heavens is caten this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_10: good heavens is kataen this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_12: good heavens is cataen this too bertram's voice was savage now

file: 4323-55228-0023.flac
expected: well she wrote a letter
	layer_2: well shee roed a letter
	layer_4: well she rote a letter
	layer_6: well she wrote a letter
	layer_8: well she wrote a letter
	layer_10: well she wrote a letter
	layer_12: well she wrote a letter

file: 4323-55228-0024.flac
expected: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_2: billy lauget galy but she shifted her position and did not met her loverseis
	layer_4: billy laughed galy but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eys
	layer_6: billy laughed gaily but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_8: billy laughed gaily but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_10: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_12: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lovers eyes

file: 4323-55228-0025.flac
expected: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_2: and you never dod think foa minute billiy that sou cared for him
	layer_4: and you never did think for minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_6: and you never did think for minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_8: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_10: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_12: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him

file: 4323-55228-0026.flac
expected: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_2: he had not ben slow o markcets with lowering i hor isledts
	layer_4: he had not been slow to mark hat swith lowering of her islads
	layer_6: he had not been slow to mark that swith lowering of her eyelids
	layer_8: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_10: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_12: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids

file: 4323-55228-0027.flac
expected: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwright's
	layer_2: bille was so glad buirtroema turnd the question on hurlovf instead of ourrigts
	layer_4: billy was so glad birtram a turne the question on hurlove instead of arkwrites
	layer_6: billy was so glad bertram had turnedthe question on her love instead of arkwrights
	layer_8: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwright's
	layer_10: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwrights
	layer_12: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwrights

file: 4323-55228-0028.flac
expected: after a minute billy stirred and sighed happily
	layer_2: after a minute bily stird and side hapfly
	layer_4: after a minute billy stirred and side halfily
	layer_6: after a minute billy stirred in sigde halfily
	layer_8: after a minute billy stirred and sighed halfily
	layer_10: after a minute billy stirred and sighed halfily
	layer_12: after a minute billy stirred and sighed halfily

file: 4323-55228-0029.flac
expected: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkwright
	layer_2: you see i wasn' ind love with mister arcrit
	layer_4: you see i wasn't an love with mister ar cright
	layer_6: you see i wasn't in love with mister ar cright
	layer_8: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkkwrygt
	layer_10: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkwright
	layer_12: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkwright

file: 4323-55228-0030.flac
expected: and and you didn't care specially for for miss winthrop
	layer_2: and and you didn't caret speaciall lefort frorm miss winteb
	layer_4: and and you didn't care it special lee fort for mhis wintre
	layer_6: and and you didn't care it specially for for miss wintrb
	layer_8: and and you didn't care it specially for for miss windrb
	layer_10: and and you didn't care it specially for for miss wintrip
	layer_12: and and you didn't care it specially for for miss wintrip

file: 4323-55228-0031.flac
expected: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_2: benle put a soting er on his lips
	layer_4: billy put a s of finger on his lips
	layer_6: billy put a soft inger on his lips
	layer_8: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_10: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_12: billy put a soft finger on his lips

file: 4323-55228-0032.flac
expected: bertram kissed the finger and subsided humph he commented
	layer_2: virterb kissed the fing er ns ofbsidet who he comminit
	layer_4: vertarbe kissed the finger ands ubsidet  he comt minute
	layer_6: vertab kissed the finger andsubsided humhe comt menute
	layer_8: bertrab kissed the finger and subsided humph he comtmentet
	layer_10: bertrab kissed the finger and subsided humph he commented
	layer_12: bertrab kissed the finger and subsided humph he commented

file: 4323-55228-0033.flac
expected: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_2: while what is that as that cate to dhemanded brtrim grimly
	layer_4: whele what is that is that cate too demanded brterom grimly
	layer_6: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_8: well what is that is that cate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_10: well what is that is that cate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_12: well what is that is that cate too demanded bertram grimly

file: 4323-55228-0034.flac
expected: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred
	layer_2: there as another silence then suddenly brchrim stird
	layer_4: there was a nother silence then suddenly birthrom stired
	layer_6: there was another silence then suddenly berchram stired
	layer_8: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred
	layer_10: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred
	layer_12: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred

file: 4323-55228-0035.flac
expected: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_2: billy i'm going amarry you to morrow he a nounced decisively
	layer_4: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_6: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_8: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_10: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_12: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively

file: 4323-55228-0036.flac
expected: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_2: i don't know as i cantrust you hout o my sight till then you'll red something ar hear something or git a letter from cate after breakfas tomr morning that wil sec you saving me again and idon't want to be sayed that way
	layer_4: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morow morning that will seth you' saving me again and i don't want to be sayved that way
	layer_6: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_8: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_10: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_12: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way

file: 4323-55228-0037.flac
expected: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot
	layer_2: i'm going ta marry you to morrow i'l get he stopd sor it with ta suddent rown co' found that lwy forgot
	layer_4: i'm going to merry you to morrow i'll get he stoppd shorit with a sudden grown cim' found that lwi forgot
	layer_6: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden grown con found that la i forgot
	layer_8: i'm going to marry you tomorrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden grown confound that law i forgot
	layer_10: i'm going to marry you tomorrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot
	layer_12: i'm going to marry you tomorrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot

file: 4323-55228-0038.flac
expected: five days indeed sir
	layer_2: frive dasin deed sir
	layer_4: five days indeed sir
	layer_6: five days indeed sir
	layer_8: five days indeed sir
	layer_10: five days indeed sir
	layer_12: five days indeed sir

file: 4323-55228-0039.flac
expected: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_2: i wonderi you think i can get ready to be married and five days
	layer_4: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married im five days
	layer_6: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_8: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_10: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_12: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days

file: 4323-55228-0040.flac
expected: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_2: don't wan syou do geite ready retorted bur trim promtly i saw mary at rady and i had all i wantet of it
	layer_4: don't want you to git ready retorted bertram promtly i saw mariit ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_6: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie at ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_8: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie it ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_10: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_12: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it

file: 4323-55228-0041.flac
expected: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doilies and lace rufflings we'll do it afterwards not before but
	layer_2: if you really must have all tos miles of table closs and napkins anddoylies and lac srufhtlings wil do at afterwards not before but
	layer_4: if you really must have al those miles of table closts and napkins and doyles and lace roughlings will do it afterwards not before but
	layer_6: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doylies and lace roughlings wi'll do it afterwards not before but
	layer_8: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doilies and lace rufflings will do it afterwards not before but
	layer_10: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doilies and lace rufflings will do it afterwards not before but
	layer_12: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doilies and lace rufflings will do it afterwards not before but

file: 4323-55228-0042.flac
expected: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_2: besiedes i nede you to take care of me cut inburchim craftly
	layer_4: besides i need you to take care of me cut emberchram craftily
	layer_6: besides i need you to take care of me cut imberthram craftily
	layer_8: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_10: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_12: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily

file: 4323-55228-0043.flac
expected: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_2: the tender glo on billys face told it sown story and brhomseager eyes were not slowte o id it
	layer_4: the tender glow on billy's faced told its own story and birchram's eager eyes were not sload of read it
	layer_6: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_8: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_10: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_12: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it

file: 4323-55228-0044.flac
expected: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_2: swe d art see her dear he cried softly tightening his good beft oarm
	layer_4: sweetdeart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_6: sweet heart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_8: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_10: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_12: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm

file: 4323-55228-0045.flac
expected: billy my dear
	layer_2: bulliy my deer
	layer_4: billy my deer
	layer_6: billy my dear
	layer_8: billy my dear
	layer_10: billy my dear
	layer_12: billy my dear

file: 4323-55228-0046.flac
expected: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_2: it was ant hannast plaint idvoice if the dorway a litta later
	layer_4: it was aunt hannas plaintid voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_6: it was aunt hanna's plainted voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_8: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_10: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_12: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later

file: 4323-55228-0047.flac
expected: we must go home and william is here too and wants to see you
	layer_2: we must go homeand will hoe as here too an monst to see you
	layer_4: we must go home and will you mis here two and waonts to see you
	layer_6: we must go home and will ioue is heare two and wants to see you
	layer_8: we must go home and willm is here too and wants to see you
	layer_10: we must go home and willium is here too and wants to see you
	layer_12: we must go home and willium is here too and wants to see you

file: 4323-55228-0048.flac
expected: you mean it'll be before october
	layer_2: yo mant it 'll be befor abtoe
	layer_4: you man tit'l be before otovber
	layer_6: you mean ite'll be before oxober
	layer_8: you mean it'll be before ocxober
	layer_10: you mean it'll be before october
	layer_12: you mean it'll be before october

file: 4323-55228-0049.flac
expected: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_2: ant han a glans from one to the other oncertainly
	layer_4: aunt han a glanced from one to the other oncertainly
	layer_6: aunt hanaglanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_8: aunt hanna glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_10: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_12: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly

file: 4323-55228-0050.flac
expected: yes nodded billy demurely
	layer_2: yes noded billy do marley
	layer_4: yes noded billy demerely
	layer_6: yes noded billy demerely
	layer_8: yes nodded billye demurely
	layer_10: yes nodded billie demurely
	layer_12: yes nodded billie demurely

file: 4323-55228-0051.flac
expected: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram airily
	layer_2: yesi kno that is a good wile cat in berthrmerly
	layer_4: yes i know that is a good while cut in berctramarily
	layer_6: yes i know that is a good while cut in berthramarily
	layer_8: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertramarily
	layer_10: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram marily
	layer_12: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram marily

file: 4323-55228-0052.flac
expected: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new license law
	layer_2: we wonded it to morow but whe had tawat on accut of the new liceons fa
	layer_4: we wanded it tomorrow but we had o weight on accout of the new licence fla
	layer_6: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new licence fa
	layer_8: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new license law
	layer_10: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new license law
	layer_12: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new license law

file: 1630-102884-0000.flac
expected: in my recent travels in the west i have felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_2: an mig res an travelts in the vest i felt that out ther freedom as an idea has becomn feebe and enefactul
	layer_4: an my reason travels in the vest i felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and inifactual
	layer_6: in my reason travels in the vest i felt that out there freedom as an idea hash become feeble and inefectual
	layer_8: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out theire freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_10: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_12: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual

file: 1630-102884-0001.flac
expected: the same thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_2: the fame thang is haveing know whith the peple of the rest
	layer_4: the fame thing as havening now with the people of the rest
	layer_6: the fame thingis havening now with the people of the west
	layer_8: the fame thing is happening now with the people of the rest
	layer_10: the fame thing is happening now with the people of the rest
	layer_12: the fame thing is happening now with the people of the rest

file: 1630-102884-0002.flac
expected: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands
	layer_2: they aflatterd into bleving that they a fre and they haved the soveren pay in the hands
	layer_4: they ar flattered into believing that they aefree and they have the soverign pawr in the hands
	layer_6: they are flattered into believing that they arefree and they have the sovereign powr in their hands
	layer_8: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands
	layer_10: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands
	layer_12: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands

file: 1630-102884-0003.flac
expected: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the west
	layer_2: ats it has becom more and more evdinto me that tha idel o freed him has grown thenuous in the at mosper of the vest
	layer_4: thus it has become more and more evden to me that the ideal ofreedom has grown tanuous in the atmoseare of the vast
	layer_6: thus it has become more and more ebident to me that the ideal of freedom hash grown tenuous in the admosphere of the vest
	layer_8: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vest
	layer_10: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenous in the atmosphere of the vest
	layer_12: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenous in the atmosphere of the vest

file: 1630-102884-0004.flac
expected: the mentality is that of a slave owning community with a mutilated multitude of men tied to its commercial and political treadmill
	layer_2: the mintallity afs that of faslave ownin community but cammuwtlated ma turd of men ty to ascommotiaal and pilitigal treadmer
	layer_4: the mintality as that of herslave owning community buth camutlated maltiturd of men tied to atscommotial and piliticual treadmil
	layer_6: the mentality as that off a slave owning community wee commutilated maltituard of men tied to scommotial and pelitical treadmill
	layer_8: the mentality as that of e slave owning community were commutilated multitude of men tied to its commotial and political treadmill
	layer_10: the mentality is that of a slave owning community a com mutilated multitude of men tied to its commotial and political treadmill
	layer_12: the mentality is that of a slave owning community a co mutilated multitude of men tied to its commotial and political treadmill

file: 1630-102884-0005.flac
expected: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his moral right to it
	layer_2: he who cas to havs laves must chan himself to them he who bilts wallds to greead exclution for others anbit lswals ecross eson ridon he hod dis trus freedhem in athers lonseses marlel right to it
	layer_4: he who cas to hovse laves must chan himself to them he who bils walls to create exclusion for others abills walls ecross he son freeden he who distrus freedem inothers loseses morled wright to it
	layer_6: he who cars to hovse leaves must chain himself to them he who builts walls to create exclusion for others bilts walls across this own freedon he who distrust freedom in others luces as morled right to it
	layer_8: he who cares to hauve sleaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others looses his mordeld right to it
	layer_10: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others looses his mortle right to it
	layer_12: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others looses his moral right to it

file: 1630-102884-0006.flac
expected: have they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_2: hand theyquied a true louge a fridim
	layer_4: ham they cquiet a true logh of freedom
	layer_6: hand they acquired ar true love of freedom
	layer_8: had they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_10: had they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_12: had they acquired a true love of freedom

file: 1630-102884-0007.flac
expected: the great epic of the soul of our people the mahabharata gives us a wonderful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_2: the great e pik of ther sal of er people the mher parriter gifsis a bon tfol vaision of an evefflowing life ful af the freedom of inquiry and expareiment
	layer_4: the great apic of the sell of her people the maherpitor givfsis abountful vision of an everlowing life full af the freedom of inquiry and expariment
	layer_6: the great epich of the sal of her people the maher parador gives es a bondiful vision of an over flowing life full ofthe freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_8: the great epic of the soul of her people the maher parrta gives us a boundirful vision of an overflowing life full ofther freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_10: the great epic of the soul of er people the maharparda gives us a bonderful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_12: the great epic of the soul of er people the maheparda gives us a wonterful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment

file: 1630-102884-0008.flac
expected: when the age of the buddha came humanity was stirred in our country to its uttermost depth
	layer_2: then the age of the booder came hemanity was tord in or country to its attemosteph
	layer_4: than the age of the boudor came che manity was td in our country to its atirmol steph
	layer_6: then the age of the bouder came humanity was tared in our country to its aturmals dep
	layer_8: when the age of the booder came humanity was tarred in our country to its aturmal deph
	layer_10: then the age of the boddher came humanity was taed in our country to its atumal sdepth
	layer_12: then the age of the boddher came humanity was taued in our country to its atumal sdepth

file: 1630-102884-0009.flac
expected: it hardened into an age of inert construction
	layer_2: ic hardnd int ain eite of e not construction
	layer_4: i harden into an age of inote construction
	layer_6: i hardened into an age of inote construction
	layer_8: it hardened into an age of innoe construction
	layer_10: it hardened into an age of enote construction
	layer_12: it hardened into an age of enote construction

file: 1630-102884-0010.flac
expected: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by its inexorable law of exclusion
	layer_2: thee ogainyunity of hr tvheiriant and elasticaciety gave wy to convenghional alder wits prod ath aurtficial carater by t e nextthrabllar of exclution
	layer_4: the augainicunity of r varid and ellastic society gave way to conventional oder wich proed it aurtificial carater by it e next rable law of exclutsion
	layer_6: the oganicunity of a varid an elastic society gave way to a conventional order which prode it artificial character by it innext rable law of exclusion
	layer_8: the organic unity of a varienet and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by it inexrable law of exclusion
	layer_10: the organic unity of a variend and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by its inexorable law of exclusion
	layer_12: the organic unity of a variend and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by its inexorable law of exclusion

file: 1630-102884-0011.flac
expected: life has its inequalities i admit but they are natural and are in harmony with our vital functions
	layer_2: life ha that  inyqualities i hadmit but bear natfu and er and harmly withta vitl funtions
	layer_4: life hath it  any qualities i hadmit but par natul and er and harmly with a viteale functionce
	layer_6: life hath it any qualities i ad met but beyre naturu and ere and harmly with hour vital functions
	layer_8: life hath it anyqualities i admit but bear natural and are and harmny with tour vital functions
	layer_10: life hath it anyqualities i admit but bare natural enter and harmony with tour vital functions
	layer_12: life hath it anyqualities i admit but bare natural enter and harmony with thouir vital functions

file: 1630-102884-0012.flac
expected: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and forcibly holding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_2: byst quiezing himan beings in the greap off an ine lasticcistiam and falsily helding them fixd we har i nod the lors of live an grot
	layer_4: by squeesing human beings in the grap of an ini lastec system and falsibly hurlding them fexed be have ignored the lowrs of live and growtdh
	layer_6: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and falsibely hurlding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and graut
	layer_8: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and falsibely hurlding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_10: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and fulsibly helding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_12: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and fulsibly helding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth

file: 1630-102884-0013.flac
expected: we have forced living souls into a permanent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own destiny
	layer_2: be hare forced living sas into a pomn and paivity madting them inkepabl of molding sircumnsthence to tearle intranceic descigne and of mastring therown destine
	layer_4: wbe have forced living sorls into appoman and pasivity madting them in ceepabl of muding circumsthance to tero intransic design and of mastering therown destony
	layer_6: we have forced living sarls into a pomanant pasivity making them incapable of moulding cilrcumschance to their own intransic design and of mastering their own destiny
	layer_8: we have forced living caurls into a pomenant passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intransic design and of mastering their own testiny
	layer_10: we have forced living cyrils into a pomenent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstances to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own testiny
	layer_12: we have forced living cyrils into a poemenent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstances to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own destiny

file: 1630-102884-0014.flac
expected: our stupefaction has become so absolute that we do not even realise that this persistent misfortune dogging our steps for ages cannot be a mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_2: asd yu efaction has becomso absolute that be do not ivn relice that thes posistan mitsfortun darging us chepsfulr agus cannot be o mr accidend of histry rem obe only by enother aciden from oud side
	layer_4: ask tyu pifactione has become so afsolute that be do not even realice that this pesistent misfortune dorging us chaps fuol ages cannot be o mere accident of history remoabl only by another accident from outside
	layer_6: asd tu pefactione has becomes so absolute that we do not even realise that this pesiset ant misfortune dogging us cheps for ages cannot be a mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_8: ustupifactione has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this pesistant misfortune dogging us cheps for ages cannot be o mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_10: our stupefaction has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this persistant misfortune dogging us cheps for ages cannot be of mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_12: our stupefaction has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this persistant misfortune dogging us cheps for ages cannot be of mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside

file: 1630-102884-0015.flac
expected: they will be incapable of holding a just freedom in politics and of fighting in freedom's cause
	layer_2: the  vil be incapaber of heding arjhust fredom in parlitics and a fighting and freed emscause
	layer_4: there will be incapaber of horlding ar jhust freedom in parlitics and a fighting ind freedomscause
	layer_6: there will be incapable of hulding arjust freedom in parlitics and o fighting in freedom's cause
	layer_8: there will be incapable of holding or just freedom in politics and of fighting an freedom's cause
	layer_10: therye will be incapable of holding or just freedom in politics and of fighting and freedom's cause
	layer_12: there will be incapable of holding or just freedom in politics and of fighting and freedom's cause

file: 1630-102884-0016.flac
expected: it represents the active aspect of inertia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery both within its boundaries and outside
	layer_2: ittre presensed the acti aspectifinoture thich haster appcurences of fredum but noteds trut and therefol gifs rice to slavery thougth within its pon tryse en outside
	layer_4: hit re presentse the active aspect of inosha which has the appurance of freedom but notits truth and therefore give's frice to slavery thougth with hin its pountreies and outside
	layer_6: e represents the active aspect of inorsa which has the apparance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rice to slavery touth with hin its bountrys and outside
	layer_8: ech represents the active aspect of inertia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery doath within its bountariys and outside
	layer_10: it represents the active aspect of inertia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rice to slavery doat within its boundaries and outside
	layer_12: it represents the active aspect of inertia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rice to slavery doat within its boundaries and outside

file: 1630-73710-0000.flac
expected: it is at the foot of woman that we lay the laurels that without her smile would never have been gained it is her image that strings the lyre of the poet that animates our voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides our brain in the august toils of stately councils
	layer_2: it is at thefoot of wooman that be la the lors tat eththout hes mile would never ha been gaind it iss er immage dat strins dhelier of the pot that an made s of waise in the blate of eli quonfaction and guid so dran in the al gse tols of tatly consers
	layer_4: it is at the foot of woman that belaid the lawous that bwithout hes mile would never habeen gained it is ar imaged that strings deliar of the poit that anmades af voice in the blace of alequenfaction and guides o drain in the algu's toiles ofs tately counces
	layer_6: it is at the foot of woman that be laid the lawrus that without her smile would never have een gained it is a imaged that strings telire of the poit that aneimades af voice in the blace of eloquent faction and guides of drain in the augu'st toils of tately counsels
	layer_8: it is at the foot of woman that belaid the lawrus that without her smile would never have been gained it is o image that strings the lire of the pot that animates of voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides of brain in the august toils of stately counsels
	layer_10: it is at the foot of woman that belaid the law reus that without her smile would never have been gained it is or image that strings the lyre of the poet that animates ar voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides of brain in the august toils of stately counsels
	layer_12: it is at the foot of woman that belaid the lawrews that without her smile would never have been gained it is or image that strings the lyre of the poet that animates ar voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides of brain in the august toils of stately counsils

file: 1630-73710-0001.flac
expected: is there no hope for them so full of hope
	layer_2: is day no help for themn so foul l ev help
	layer_4: as day no holp for them so full ove holp
	layer_6: as tayr no hep for them so full of help
	layer_8: is stayre no hep for them so full of help
	layer_10: as tar no helpe for them so full of help
	layer_12: as tar no helpe for them so full of help

file: 1630-73710-0002.flac
expected: it makes the heart ache but to picture such vicissitudes to the imagination
	layer_2: it maks the hartake but topictur suth missisit es to they imagination
	layer_4: it meks the heartache but to picture such isisitulte to ther immagination
	layer_6: it mekes the heart ache but to picture such veciscit lts to their imagination
	layer_8: it makes the heartache but to picture such vecissitls to their imagination
	layer_10: it makes the heartache but to picture such vecessitis to their imagination
	layer_12: it makes the heartache but to picture such vecessitis to their imagination

file: 1630-73710-0003.flac
expected: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death obscuring all our gay fancies with its bat like wing and tainting the healthy atmosphere of our happiness with its venomous expirations
	layer_2: the nolge that such changes cina cur flicts eolverh the mind like the thought of deat hot scaring allor gav  anfies buth its bad like ing and tanting the hellly adnofere of he happness wit its venamous expurations
	layer_4: the knowledged that such changes cin ecu flit's over the mind like the thought of debth it scaring all e gave fanfhies bith its bad like wing and canging the heldty atnohure of her happness bith its vanemous experations
	layer_6: deknowledged that such changes can occu flits over the mind like the thought of death a scuring alleu gave fanphies bith its batlike wing and changing the heldy atmnophere of her hapness buth its vanomous expirations
	layer_8: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death atscouring all or gay fancies with its batlike wing and changing the healdhy atmophere of her happiness with its venomous expirations
	layer_10: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death abscouring all our gay fancies with its bat like wing and changing the healthy atmophere of her happiness with its venomous expirations
	layer_12: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death abscouring all our gay fancies with its bat like wing and changing the healthy atmophere of her happiness with its venomous expirations

file: 1630-73710-0004.flac
expected: mine own
	layer_2: myne es
	layer_4: mine elns
	layer_6: mine owns
	layer_8: mine owns
	layer_10: mind owns
	layer_12: mind owns

file: 1630-73710-0005.flac
expected: what did what could you do
	layer_2: woa ted at coutido
	layer_4: wadead wat cout y dome
	layer_6: wha dead what coult you dom
	layer_8: what dead what could you dom
	layer_10: what dead what could you dom
	layer_12: what dead what could you dom

file: 1630-73710-0006.flac
expected: i beat about my chamber like a silly bird in a cage
	layer_2: i' bit o bot my chamber liket a filyd bod in e cage
	layer_4: i bit about my chamber like a fily bord in the cage
	layer_6: i bit about my chamber like a fily bard in the cage
	layer_8: i bit about my chamber like a fily bord in the cace
	layer_10: i bit about my chamber like a fily board in the cage
	layer_12: i bit about my chamber like a fidly board in the cage

file: 1630-73710-0007.flac
expected: do not think of moving to day
	layer_2: do not think of morv in to day
	layer_4: do not think of morving to day
	layer_6: do not think of moving to day
	layer_8: do not think of moving to day
	layer_10: do not think of moving to day
	layer_12: do not think of moving to day

file: 1630-73710-0008.flac
expected: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_2: to not keep the messangur n instant
	layer_4: to not keep the massenger an instant
	layer_6: to not keep the massenger an instant
	layer_8: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_10: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_12: do not keep the messenger an instant

file: 1630-73710-0009.flac
expected: he is on my pony
	layer_2: sh e s on my poe
	layer_4: shes on my poy
	layer_6: shes on my ponely
	layer_8: she is on my pony
	layer_10: she's on my pony
	layer_12: she's on my pony

file: 1630-73710-0010.flac
expected: write only one word to your own henrietta
	layer_2: right only one woard to yorromn hen greater
	layer_4: wrighte nly one word to your rom hengreitil
	layer_6: rigte only one word to your owm hendgreatal
	layer_8: write only one word to your owm hengreotl
	layer_10: write only one word to your oln henriattile
	layer_12: write only one word to your own henriattile

file: 1630-73710-0011.flac
expected: ferdinand to henrietta
	layer_2: fornent to henredte
	layer_4: fornant to hen retor
	layer_6: fordnant to henriter
	layer_8: fordnate to henriter
	layer_10: fardnant to henriater
	layer_12: fardnant to henrietter

file: 1630-73710-0012.flac
expected: god bless you my henrietta my beloved my matchless henrietta
	layer_2: gotless you my hen reater mi beloered why masless hen reater
	layer_4: god less you my hend reter y belovered my matscheless hand reter
	layer_6: god less you my hendreater my belovered my macheless hendreter
	layer_8: god less you my henreater my belovered my matchless handreter
	layer_10: god bless you my henriater my beloved my matchless henriater
	layer_12: god bless you my henriater my beloved my matchless henriater

file: 1630-73710-0013.flac
expected: what has that separation not cost me
	layer_2: wot has that fhaporation ot cos me
	layer_4: what has that tapoaration ot cas me
	layer_6: what has ed sepuration not case me
	layer_8: what has tde sepration not cast me
	layer_10: what has eseparation not cast me
	layer_12: what has aiseperation not cast me

file: 1630-73710-0014.flac
expected: pangs that i could not conceive any human misery could occasion
	layer_2: pang tatd i could not conive an human rihsry cod eccasion
	layer_4: pangs sad i could not conceive an human withry cod occasion
	layer_6: panks that i could not conceive in human withry could occasion
	layer_8: pangs thati could not conceive any human mytry could occasion
	layer_10: pangs that i could not conceive any human mytryc could occasion
	layer_12: pangs that i could not conceive any human mytryc could occasion

file: 1630-73710-0015.flac
expected: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninjured last night
	layer_2: and yet i ouht to be greatflr that he was aninjhurd last night
	layer_4: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was unincurd last night
	layer_6: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was un enjured last night
	layer_8: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was unenjured last night
	layer_10: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninjured last night
	layer_12: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninjured last night

file: 1630-73710-0016.flac
expected: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_2: i dhed not now ohn how folish a was
	layer_4: i dare not now awn how foolish i was
	layer_6: i dar not now own how foolish i was
	layer_8: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_10: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_12: i dare not now own how foolish i was

file: 1630-73710-0017.flac
expected: do not be angry with your henrietta but i am nervous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_2: di not be angreevit be hen reater bur im neees about coneeling o ingazemen tfrompapea
	layer_4: di not be angre with yoa hen reator but i'm novus about conceelingo engagement frompepe
	layer_6: di not be angry with you henriator but i 'm novous about concaling er engagement from pepa
	layer_8: do not be angry with your henrietter but i am novous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_10: do not be angry with you henrieatte but i am novous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_12: do not be angry with you henrietta but i am norvous about concealing our engagement from papa

file: 1630-73710-0018.flac
expected: days must elapse before you can reach bath and i know ferdinand i know your office is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_2: daysh mouts to lavpes before you canreate pouth and they now fordnent i know your affisis more tifficuld thetn you rill confess
	layer_4: days mush te laps before you can rech bouth and they know fordinent i know your officis more tifficult than you will confess
	layer_6: days musht elapse before you can reach bouth and i know fordnate i know your offices more difficult than you will confess
	layer_8: days must elapse before you can reach pouth and i know fordnate i know your offic es more difficult than you will confess
	layer_10: days must elapse before you can reach bath and i know fortnate i know your offices more difficult than you will confess
	layer_12: days must elapse before you can reach bath and i know fortnate i know your offices more difficult than you will confess

file: 1630-73710-0019.flac
expected: but come back my own as soon as you can and write to me at the post office as you settled
	layer_2: but come bact my on as son as hyeugan and righted to me and the polshaffice as yhu saettled
	layer_4: but come back my own as soon as ye gan and riht to me ant the pilschaffice as yhe settled
	layer_6: but come back my own as soon as ye can and rit to me at the postchaffice as hou settled
	layer_8: but come back my own as soon as yeu can and write to me at the posth office as you settled
	layer_10: but come back my own as soon as you can and write to me at the post office as you' settled
	layer_12: but come back my own as soon as you can and write to me at the post office as you settled

file: 1630-73710-0020.flac
expected: the consciousness that you are so near makes me restless
	layer_2: the consciousnesh that our sto neer mikes min restless
	layer_4: the counscious nesh that youre so near mikes me restless
	layer_6: the counsciousness that you re so near mixe me restless
	layer_8: the consciousness that youre so near mix me restless
	layer_10: the consciousness that you so near mikes me restless
	layer_12: the consciousness that you so near mikes me restless

file: 1630-73710-0021.flac
expected: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command
	layer_2: i wvishd to meet him wut th much comenesse af thican commond
	layer_4: i wish to meet him wuth thas much comnescs a the can commond
	layer_6: i wish to meet him with tas much calmness as e can command
	layer_8: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as e can command
	layer_10: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as e can command
	layer_12: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as e can command

file: 1630-141772-0000.flac
expected: on the pratzen heights where he had fallen with the flagstaff in his hand lay prince andrew bolkonski bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike moan
	layer_2: on the pradsan hits were he had falin with the flax stavfing his hand laprens antrablgansky bleading frofusly and and consciesly utring aentle pitors and thillake moom
	layer_4: on the pradson heihts where he had falling with the flac schalf in his hand layprence an drouble c ansky bleeding frofusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and chil like mon
	layer_6: on the pradson heits where he had fallen with the flag shargfin his hand laprince anddrublegonsky bleading profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle peteous and chillike moan
	layer_8: on the prats an hids where he had fallen with the flag saffin his hand laprince and ru bolgonsky bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike moan
	layer_10: on the prats and hides where he had fallen with the flag saf in his hand laprance and ru bolgonsky bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike moanen
	layer_12: on the praits and hides where he had fallen with the flag starf in his hand laprance and ru bolgonsky bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike moanen

file: 1630-141772-0001.flac
expected: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head
	layer_2: sorr inly he a gine fel that he ous alife and suftering from a boning lasereting ben in his head
	layer_4: suengly he again felld that he was a live and suffering from aboning las rating bain in his head
	layer_6: surainly he again fell that he was alive and suffering from a burning last rating bain in his head
	layer_8: suddenly he again fell that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacrating pain in his head
	layer_10: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head
	layer_12: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head

file: 1630-141772-0002.flac
expected: was his first thought
	layer_2: whas his firset thought
	layer_4: was his first thought
	layer_6: was his first thought
	layer_8: was his first thought
	layer_10: was his first thought
	layer_12: was his first thought

file: 1630-141772-0003.flac
expected: he feebly moved his leg and uttered a weak sickly groan which aroused his own pity
	layer_2: khei febly morned his lecg and artered oveu sikly grown wit araused hisown pity
	layer_4: he fably mone his leg and attered o weque sickly grown which aroused his own pity
	layer_6: he fably moone his leg and uttered a weak sickly grown which aroused his own pity
	layer_8: he fably mooned his leg and uttered a weak sickly grown which aroused his own pity
	layer_10: he fably mooned his leg and uttered a weak sickly groan which aroused his own pity
	layer_12: he fably mooned his leg and uttered a weak sickly groan which aroused his own pity

file: 1630-141772-0004.flac
expected: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_2: lif tes young menup and carry him to the dressinstation
	layer_4: lift this young men up and cary him to the dressing station
	layer_6: lift this young men up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_8: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_10: lift his young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_12: lift his young man up and carry him to the dressing station

file: 1630-141772-0005.flac
expected: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted onto the stretcher the jolting while being moved and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_2: prin aund drurymemberd nothing mooe he last conscioushnestrom the tarable pen of being lifted oun to ths treture the jilding vil being mood and the proing of his woone at the dresthenstation
	layer_4: prinaund dreremembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terible ban of being lifted oun to thi straacher the jolting wvile being mood and the probing of his woond at the dressingstation
	layer_6: princ anddruw remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted ount to the streatchere the jolting while being mood and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_8: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted on to the stretcher the jolting while being mooed and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_10: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted on to the stretche the jolting while being mooed and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_12: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted on to the stretche the jolting while being mooed and the probing of his wound at the dressing station

file: 1630-141772-0006.flac
expected: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_2: yoring this transfor he felld e littes tronger and was abl to look about him and evens peak
	layer_4: dering this transfor he felled a little's tronger and was able to look about him and even's feak
	layer_6: yuring this transfer he felltd a little stronger and was able to look about him an even speak
	layer_8: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_10: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_12: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak

file: 1630-141772-0007.flac
expected: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_2: he asked on seeing the prhisnes
	layer_4: he asked on seeing the prisness
	layer_6: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_8: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_10: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_12: he asked on seeing the prisoners

file: 1630-141772-0008.flac
expected: i commanded a squadron replied repnin
	layer_2: i commander is cordrn rheplid ranin
	layer_4: i commonded his cordron replyed d ratnin
	layer_6: i commonded has corldron replied retning
	layer_8: i commanded his coldron replied retening
	layer_10: i commanded his cordron replied retnin
	layer_12: i commanded his cordron replied retnin

file: 1630-141772-0009.flac
expected: prince repnin named lieutenant sukhtelen
	layer_2: princrepnen named letrnin suftelen
	layer_4: perince repnon named left turnin sutellin
	layer_6: prince repnon named leutenin sotelen
	layer_8: prince repnan named liautenanso tellen
	layer_10: prince repnin named lieutenen ziu telen
	layer_12: prince wrepnin named lieutenen ziu telen

file: 1630-141772-0010.flac
expected: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_2: afte looking at him nipolin smiled
	layer_4: after looking it him nepolin smiled
	layer_6: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_8: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_10: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_12: after looking at him napoleon smiled

file: 1630-141772-0011.flac
expected: youth is no hindrance to courage muttered sukhtelen in a failing voice
	layer_2: you thes new hantrans to carage matere suteln in a failing wics
	layer_4: you thoes no hintrance to carage materd sutellin in  failing vise
	layer_6: you thoes no hintrance to corage matered sutelon in a failing voice
	layer_8: you theres no hintrance to courage muttered suctellen in a failing voice
	layer_10: you there's no hindrance to courage muttered seutelen in a failing voice
	layer_12: you there's no hindrance to courage muttered su telen in a failing voice

file: 1630-141772-0012.flac
expected: a splendid reply said napoleon
	layer_2: a splainded rely sad ni polin
	layer_4: asplendid rih ly said ne polin
	layer_6: a splendid reply said ne polin
	layer_8: a splendid reply said nipolin
	layer_10: a splendid reply said napoleon
	layer_12: a splendid reply said napoleon

file: 1630-141772-0013.flac
expected: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_2: prrn sandre whead olthe ben brought forwert before the mpurheseyce to complet the show of trisnes cod not fal t attract ive ittention
	layer_4: prn sandrew wohad allsol been brought forward before the emperther seyes to complete the show of prisners could not fail to attractise attention
	layer_6: prensandrew who had also been brought forward before the empertor's eiese to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attracthise attention
	layer_8: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_10: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoner's could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_12: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoner's could not fail to attract his attention

file: 1630-141772-0014.flac
expected: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_2: his faith shon with sel sat isfaction and lasur
	layer_4: his fathe shown with selsatasfaction and pleasure
	layer_6: his face showne with sell satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_8: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_10: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_12: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure

file: 1630-141772-0015.flac
expected: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold icon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners they now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_2: the soljies wecari fren s andr had notesd andtaken the little gold y con frinces mary had hung wrown her brathers nak but seeing the favere the ampora showed the prisners the r know hasind to returned the holy inagh
	layer_4: the soldjiers whee carried frens androew had noticed and taken the little gold eycon frincess mary had hung rown her brother's neck but seeing the favore the empera showed the prisoners their now hasened to returned the holy inmage
	layer_6: the soldiers w ad carried friendcs andrew had noticed and taken the little gold eye con princes's mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperoer showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_8: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold eiecon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_10: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold icorn princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_12: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold icorn princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image

file: 1630-141772-0016.flac
expected: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little icon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_2: prince anrau did not se how in by whom itousreplact but the little ey con with its tin gold chan sudingly appered upon his chest out side his youn form
	layer_4: prince and rew did not see how and by whom it wasreplaced but the little ey con with its sfain gold chain sudenly appeared upon his chest outside his unform
	layer_6: prince and dre did not see how an by whom it was replaced but the little eye con with its sin gold chain sudenly appeared upon his chest outside his unform
	layer_8: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eyecon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_10: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eycorn with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_12: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eycorn with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform

file: 1630-141772-0017.flac
expected: how good it would be to know where to seek for help in this life and what to expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_2: how goodithard be to no tvhere t see or heal in thislife and wat expecd aftet beyond the grea
	layer_4: how good itad be to kno vere to seek for help in this life and waltow expect after it beyond the gream
	layer_6: how god it ad be to know where to seek for help in this life and walt toe expect after it beyond the grav
	layer_8: how gouod it ould be to know where to seek for help in this life and whaht to expect after it beyond the grayve
	layer_10: how goold it would be to know where to seek for help in this life and what we expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_12: how goold it would be to know where to seek for help in this life and what we expect after it beyond the grave

file: 1630-141772-0018.flac
expected: how happy and calm i should be if i could now say lord have mercy on me
	layer_2: ow happe an calrme y should be if i good now se lord have mosy on me
	layer_4: how happy an calm i should be if i good now see lord have mocy on me
	layer_6: how happy and calm i should be if i could now see lord have moy on me
	layer_8: how happy and calm i should be if i could now see lord have mercy on me
	layer_10: how happy and calm i should be if i could now see lord have mercy on me
	layer_12: how happy and calm i should be if i could now see lord have mercy on me

file: 1630-141772-0019.flac
expected: either to a power indefinable incomprehensible which i not only cannot address but which i cannot even express in words the great all or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sewn into this amulet by mary
	layer_2: i thertowepoe indefina bo in com tehandsibe which i no tonly canod e tress but wich a cannor even extress in wards the great all or notshing saic he to himself a to that god who has been son into this amulit by mary
	layer_4: either twipow in definable in complehensible which i notunly cannod a tress but which i cannot even express in bads the great all or nothing said he to himself ag to that god who has been soln into this amiulit by mary
	layer_6: either toippow indefinable incomplehensible which i notonely cannod adtress but which i cannot even express in bords the great oll or nothing said he to himself ogh to that god who has been so into this amulate by mary
	layer_8: either to e owr indefinable incomprehensible which i notonlly cannot enddress but which i cannot even express in words the great o or nothing said he to himself orh to that god who has been sol into this amulete by mary
	layer_10: either to i ore indefinable incomprehensible which i notonlly cannot eddress but which i cannot even express in words the great oll or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sold into this amulete by mary
	layer_12: either to i bore indefinable incomprehensible which i notoally cannot eddress but which i cannot even express in words the great oll or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sold into this amulete by mary

file: 1630-141772-0020.flac
expected: the stretchers moved on
	layer_2: this traters mood on
	layer_4: the straters mode on
	layer_6: the stratchers mooed on
	layer_8: the stretchers mooved on
	layer_10: the stretcthers moved on
	layer_12: the stretcthers moved on

file: 1630-141772-0021.flac
expected: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bald hills presented itself to him
	layer_2: the quiet ome life and peceful happinescs of bold hels presended it self to him
	layer_4: the quit home life and peaceful happiness of bold hils presended itself to him
	layer_6: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bal hils presended itself to him
	layer_8: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bald hills presented itself to him
	layer_10: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bald hills presented itself to him
	layer_12: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bald hills presented itself to him

file: 1630-141772-0022.flac
expected: he is a nervous bilious subject said larrey and will not recover
	layer_2: key i he noves pelioa subjit said lariy and the lot re cover
	layer_4: key is the nervous perlius subject said lary and the lout recover
	layer_6: key is te nervoust pellier subject said lay and we loud recover
	layer_8: key is a nervous belir subject said lari and will ot recover
	layer_10: key is a nervous bilie subject said larri and will not recover
	layer_12: key is a nervous bilier subject said larri and will nont recover

file: 1630-96099-0000.flac
expected: that too sir you will of course undertake
	layer_2: thart twosor you rill ovf couse un to take
	layer_4: thart too saw you will of couse und to take
	layer_6: that too sow you will of course undertake
	layer_8: that too sa you will of course undertake
	layer_10: that too sa you will of course undertake
	layer_12: that too saw you will of course undertake

file: 1630-96099-0001.flac
expected: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_2: then something hos happened he has somespecial infarmation some great neus
	layer_4: then something has happened he has some speciall information some great newse
	layer_6: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_8: then something has happened he has some special information some great newse
	layer_10: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_12: then something has happened he has some special information some great news

file: 1630-96099-0002.flac
expected: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_2: when block it ared it was eveden that someting had gonedroung with him
	layer_4: when blarckep yeeared it was avden that something had gone rong with him
	layer_6: when block ippeared it was evdent that something had gone roung with him
	layer_8: when blork appeared it was evident that something had gone wround with him
	layer_10: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_12: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him

file: 1630-96099-0003.flac
expected: gone now just when we most want him never
	layer_2: gone now jiswind he most waned him neve
	layer_4: gone now justpind he most warned him never
	layer_6: gone now jus wined he most warned him never
	layer_8: gone now jesrind hy most warned him never
	layer_10: gone now cessrindy most warned him never
	layer_12: gone now jessrindy most warned him never

file: 1630-96099-0004.flac
expected: idiot triple idiot
	layer_2: eidat trepl eitit
	layer_4: ediat tripl ediat
	layer_6: eiot trible edit
	layer_8: ediot triple ediot
	layer_10: eiot tripl ediipt
	layer_12: edipt triple ediipt

file: 1630-96099-0005.flac
expected: you shall be dismissed discharged from this hour you are a disgrace to the force
	layer_2: you shall be dismiste dis chirge from the sha you'r a discrase to the force
	layer_4: you shall be dismissed discharge from the sa you r a discrase to the force
	layer_6: you shall be dismissed discharge from the sa you ar a discrace to the force
	layer_8: you shall be dismissed discharged from the sowr you are a disgrace to the force
	layer_10: you shall be dismissed discharged from the sow you are a disgrace to the force
	layer_12: you shall be dismissed discharged from the sow you are a disgrace to the force

file: 1630-96099-0006.flac
expected: it is that or your great gluttony
	layer_2: it es that orl you greatk glut me
	layer_4: it is that or you great gluth me
	layer_6: it is that or you great glut me
	layer_8: it is that o you great glut me
	layer_10: it is that or you great glut me
	layer_12: it is that or you great glut me

file: 1630-96099-0007.flac
expected: my gentleman made himself most pleasant
	layer_2: my tentlem inmeade himsefs nos pleasand
	layer_4: my gentlemin mad himsels nos leasant
	layer_6: my gentlemen made himselvef no pleasant
	layer_8: my gentleman made himself no pleasant
	layer_10: my gentleman made himself no pleasant
	layer_12: my gentleman made himself no pleasant

file: 1630-96099-0008.flac
expected: well at any rate for my sins i accepted
	layer_2: bellat any rate fulr my shin axceted
	layer_4: bell it any ratefor my sincse i eccepted
	layer_6: bell at any raid for my since i accepted
	layer_8: bell at any rate for my since i accepted
	layer_10: bell at any rate for my sins i accepted
	layer_12: belle at any rate for my sins i accepted

file: 1630-96099-0009.flac
expected: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited friends you know it perhaps monsieur
	layer_2: we aentered the forst restrond that of the reinito traencs i know it pehaps missi
	layer_4: we entered the firtst restran that of the renite trense in know it perhaps myssie
	layer_6: we entered the first restauront that of the reenite transe iknew it perhaps mesier
	layer_8: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited trentce e knu it perhaps messo
	layer_10: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited trents e knuit perhaps messio
	layer_12: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited trants e knuw id perhaps mesio

file: 1630-96099-0010.flac
expected: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me this evil turn
	layer_2: i had no fearr off him not to the velry last whand he plad me thef ebel turne
	layer_4: i had no fear of himt not tillthe very last when he plad me thi eble ton
	layer_6: i had no fear of him  not tillthe very last when he playd me thif eble tune
	layer_8: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me thi febile tone
	layer_10: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me this ebile tone
	layer_12: i had no fear of him no till the very last when he played me this ebil ton

file: 1630-96099-0011.flac
expected: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocketbook it was stuffed full monsieur i saw that and my confidence increased called for the reckoning and paid with an italian bank note
	layer_2: i suspectrn nothing mwan hy brought out his pocket book it was tuftd fur the massye i thauw that and my canrianceing creasd calld for the reckening and pabeit than eitailin band nod
	layer_4: i suspectod nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tufed for the mysie i thowh that and my contrence ingcreased calle for the wreckening and pabit than e tairlin bankdnot
	layer_6: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tuffed for the messier i thaw that and my contrance increased calld for the wreckoning and pav et than etalin bankd nate
	layer_8: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tougfetd for the messer i saw that and my conference increased called for the reckoning and paye it an italian bank note
	layer_10: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tought for the messer i taw that and my conference increased called for the reckoning and pay it an italian bank note
	layer_12: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tought for the messer i thaw that and my conference increased calld for the reckoning and pay it an italian bank note

file: 1630-96099-0012.flac
expected: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_2: exculs me one moman pra
	layer_4: exculse be one noment pray
	layer_6: excus me one noment pray
	layer_8: excus me one moment pray
	layer_10: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_12: excuse me one moment pray

file: 1630-96099-0013.flac
expected: he went out monsieur and piff paff he was no more to be seen
	layer_2: he bent odmesyer and pi baf he was no more to be ceen
	layer_4: he bent out meshiar and pif paf he was no more to be seen
	layer_6: he went out methie and piffh aff he was no more to be seen
	layer_8: he went out methieaw and piff paf he was no more to be seen
	layer_10: he went out methe and piff paf he was no more to be seen
	layer_12: he went out methew and piff paf he was no more to be seen

file: 1630-96099-0014.flac
expected: why let him out of your sight
	layer_2: why let him out of he sit
	layer_4: why let him out of his sit
	layer_6: why let him out of his sight
	layer_8: why let him out of his sight
	layer_10: why let him out of his sight
	layer_12: why let him out of his sight

file: 1630-96099-0015.flac
expected: it was only now at the eleventh hour that the italian had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_2: ith was oanly know at the levben thou that the dailin had becom inclpated and the qurestion of his passible anxie tetor hes geupe had never bein considit
	layer_4: it was only know at the lev end thou that the dirlin had become inclpated and the question of his possible anxieteto hs ceep had never been considet
	layer_6: it was only now at the leventhou that they daling had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escap had never been considered
	layer_8: it was only now at the leavent houh that the tarling had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_10: it was only now at the eleventh hour that the taling had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_12: it was only now at the eleventh hour that the tarlin had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered

file: 1630-96099-0016.flac
expected: he left everything behind
	layer_2: she left eresting behind
	layer_4: he left everything behind
	layer_6: he left everything behind
	layer_8: he left everything behind
	layer_10: he left everything behind
	layer_12: he left everything behind

file: 1630-96099-0017.flac
expected: hand it me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leaves hurriedly
	layer_2: handed to me said the chiief and weni game into his hands he began to tur n over the liave's horlidly
	layer_4: handed to me said the chief and when et came into his hands he began to turn over the lifes hurwriedly
	layer_6: handid to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the lifs huriedly
	layer_8: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leafs hurriedly
	layer_10: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leivs hurriedly
	layer_12: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leavs hurriedly

file: 1630-96099-0018.flac
expected: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_2: i do not oundistand not more then a word herdan there
	layer_4: i do not undirstand not more than a word her an there
	layer_6: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_8: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_10: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_12: i do not understand not more than a word here and there

file: 1630-96099-0019.flac
expected: it is no doubt italian
	layer_2: it is no doutetallim
	layer_4: it is no doultetall in
	layer_6: it is no dought y talin
	layer_8: it is no doubhty talian
	layer_10: it is no dought ytaliaon
	layer_12: it is no douht italion

file: 1630-96099-0020.flac
expected: of course such a consummate ass as you have proved yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which way he had gone
	layer_2: of coursuch a consymite as as you have frod yurself would not thingk of seaching te res tran o he immedid neighberhod or of making enquieries as to vether he had been seen wor as to wrhich were he had gone
	layer_4: of course such a consimite as as you have prud yourself would not think of searching the rastrant or the immeeded neighborhoot or of making inquireies as to veather he had been seen or as you wrhich where he had gone
	layer_6: of course such a consummite ass as you have prud yourself would not think of searching the restrond or the immediate neighborhoo or of making inquiries as to wether he had been seen or as ytou wrhich whey he had gone
	layer_8: of course such a consummate ass as you have prued yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to rich waye he had gone
	layer_10: of course such a consummate as as you have pruved yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which way he had gone
	layer_12: of course such a consummate ass as you have pruved yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which way he had gone

file: 1630-96099-0021.flac
expected: it was a note for a hundred lire a hundred francs and the restaurant bill was no more than seventeen francs hah
	layer_2: it was the not for t ha hundred  liearrr a hundred frangs and the rehstron bilos new more than emventeen frans har
	layer_4: it was he note for ha hundred lror a hundred frangs and the reshtron billas no more than feventeen frangs ha
	layer_6: it was a note for a hundred lro a hundred francs and the restrone belwaws no more than seventeen francs ha
	layer_8: it was a note for a hundred lerar a hundred francs and the restaran be lost no more than seventeen francs ha
	layer_10: it was a note for a hundred leero a hundred francs and the restauran byll lost no more than seventeen francs ha
	layer_12: it was a note for a hundred leero a hundred francs and the restauran by lost no more than seventeen francs ha

file: 1630-96099-0022.flac
expected: he was much pressed in a great hurry
	layer_2: he was much gressed in a great howrry
	layer_4: he wasmuch gresed in a great hurry
	layer_6: he was much cresed in a great hurry
	layer_8: he was much gressed in a great hurry
	layer_10: he was much pressed in a great hurry
	layer_12: he was much pressed in a great hurry

file: 1630-96099-0023.flac
expected: directly he crossed the threshold he called the first cab and was driving away but he was stopped the devil
	layer_2: directtlhy he croahd the thrysheld he calle the firstcap and was driv novy but he was tat the deaver
	layer_4: directly he crathed the threshelt he callied the first cap and was driving ova but he was taled the deaver
	layer_6: directly he crathed the threshelt he callied the first cap and was driving away but he was topped the deavor
	layer_8: directly he crashed the thresholt he called the first cap and was driving away but he was torped the deavir
	layer_10: directly he crosed the threshold he called the first cab and was driving away but he was toupd the devir
	layer_12: directly he crosed the threshold he called the first cab and was driving away but he was toupd the devir

file: 1630-96099-0024.flac
expected: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven away together
	layer_2: kiwished to par son to leave her she would not conendt then they boat garing to the cap and edrievena i togeter
	layer_4: kivwishe to parson to leave her she would not conent then they both guardinto the cap and weh rieven of itogether
	layer_6: kie wish to passon to leave her she would not consent than they both gad into the cap and werehdriven of it ogether
	layer_8: ke wiched to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven of it together
	layer_10: kiwische to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven of it together
	layer_12: kwishe to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven of it together

file: 4572-64670-0000.flac
expected: but this thy host so wide dispread wakes in my heart one doubt and dread lest threatening rama good and great ill thoughts thy journey stimulate
	layer_2: but dis ti hosd so whide dispred waks in myheart an diout and drad lest triat ening rarmar goodand cratd iltartsdi jahnis tim ad
	layer_4: but dis di host so wide dispred wakes in my heart ane dout and dread lest tridtening rama good and grate ill tarts ijahnies timl ate
	layer_6: but dis i host so wide dispred wakes in my heart one dout and dread lest treadening rama good and grate ill tarts die johnis timele ate
	layer_8: but dis i host so wide dispread wakes in my heart one doubt and read lest treadoning rama good and great ill tarts dijohnny's timol ait
	layer_10: but dis dy host so wide dispread wakes in my heart one doubt and read lest treaoning rama good and great ill tarts di johny's timol eight
	layer_12: but dis dy host so wide dispread wakes in my heart one doubt and read lest treadoning rama good and great ill tarts di johrnny's timol eight

file: 4572-64670-0001.flac
expected: he is my eldest brother he is like a father dear to me
	layer_2: e is my elest proader he is like ifad ert heyar to me
	layer_4: e is my eldest proder he is like a fadhat e yar to me
	layer_6: he is my eldest prouder he is like a fardthat he yar to me
	layer_8: he is my eldest prouder he is like a fadhat he ir to me
	layer_10: he is my eldest prouder he is like a faddot e i to me
	layer_12: he is my eldest prouder he is like a faddot he is to me

file: 4572-64670-0002.flac
expected: i go to lead my brother thence who makes the wood his residence
	layer_2: i coe toled my broat ar dens ho makes o ward his grecidins
	layer_4: i co to lead my broad or dence who makes a ward his recidencs
	layer_6: i go to leavd my broad ar dence who makes award his recedence
	layer_8: i go to lead my broad ardence who makes awoord his recidence
	layer_10: i go to lead my broad ardence who makes tawood his recidence
	layer_12: i go to lead my broad ardence who makes tawoold his recidence

file: 4572-64670-0003.flac
expected: no thought but this thy heart should frame this simple truth my lips proclaim
	layer_2: no tard but dis ti heard should fram thesimpldut my lipesproklam
	layer_4: no tared but disti hard should fram the simpldrute my leaps brock lanm
	layer_6: no tart but dis dy heart should fram the simple trute my leaps broklaime
	layer_8: no tart but tis thy heart should fram this simple trute my leips broclaim
	layer_10: no tart but tis thy heart should frame the simple truth my lips proclaime
	layer_12: no tart but this thy heart should frame the simple truth my lips proclaime

file: 4572-64670-0004.flac
expected: as guha thus and bharat each to other spoke in friendly speech the day god sank with glory dead and night o'er all the sky was spread
	layer_2: as goo har des and virat eagh to ades popke in prentless pigeh the day gord sankquit gloy dead and night ovfr all dis kygh was pread
	layer_4: as go her des and vor at each to orders poke in friendlys pige the day gard sanquege glowry dead and knight over all thiskigh was praed
	layer_6: as go har does and varrat eacghe to ardes poke in friendless pige the day guard's sanquit glory dead and night over all the ski was prayed
	layer_8: as gohadoz and vorat each to adors spoke in friendless page the daygard's sanquid glory dead and night over all the sky was prayed
	layer_10: as gohadaz and vorrat ach two adars spoke in friendless page the daygard's sanguito glory dead and night over all the sky was prayred
	layer_12: as gohadaz and vorrat ach to ardars spoke in friendless page the dagard's sanguito glory dead and night over all the sky was prayed

file: 4572-64670-0005.flac
expected: soon as king guha's thoughtful care had quartered all the army there well honoured bharat laid his head beside satrughna on a bed
	layer_2: soon as king o has tat fule cre had quat et all te armi dr well hon at wvre ot laie his head besid se hrino hon abed
	layer_4: soon as king gho hast taugtful cuare had quat ad al the armidar well honourd woreot laivd his head beside ceh rogna hona bed
	layer_6: soon as king who has taughtful care had quart at all the armidare well honored whorout laid his head beside sat rugna on a bed
	layer_8: soon as king who has thoughtful care had quourte at all the armid ear well honoured wharrout laid his head beside setrugna on a bed
	layer_10: soon as king who has thoughtful care had qourt at all the armi dar well honoured warrot laid his head besides satrugna on a bed
	layer_12: soon as king who has thoughtful care had qourt at all the armi dare well honoured warrot laid his head besides satruvna on a bed

file: 4572-64670-0006.flac
expected: thus sighing and distressed in misery and bitter grief with fevered heart that mocked relief distracted in his mind the chief still mourned and found no rest
	layer_2: tho sighng and thistrest and misery and be  a greve would fe wuld heart dat morlkedrelive thistrectat in his mind the cheer stil mond and fount no rest
	layer_4: the sighing and thistrest and missery am beetergrevfe wid fewourd hart dad morked relieve thistracted in his mind the chef still mond and found no rest
	layer_6: thure sighing and distrest in misery and bet a griev woultd feveured heart dead marked relievf dhes stracted in his mind the chief still mound and found no rest
	layer_8: thur sighing and distressed in misery and beat a grief with fevered heart dead morked relief distracted in his mind the chief still morned and found no rest
	layer_10: thus sighing and distressed in misery and beat a grief with fevered heart dad mocked relief distracted in his mind the chief still morned and found no rest
	layer_12: thus sighing and distressed in misery and beat a grief with fevered heart dead mocked relief distracted in his mind the chief still morned and found no rest

file: 4572-64670-0007.flac
expected: rest duteous minded i will keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than raghu's son
	layer_2: rest dety usmydit i ol keape my woach while ramyr lies eslee for inthe hol whie wald is no dearr to me and regol son
	layer_4: rest dityas myndit i oldl keep my watch while ramou liz asleep for in the whole whidewalld is none deare to met thand regosd son
	layer_6: rest dityas mind id i oll keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide walt is none dear to me than rago' son
	layer_8: rest dityas mind it i will keep my watch while raman lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to meet than rago's son
	layer_10: rest dityas mind it i will keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than rago's son
	layer_12: rest dityas mind it i will keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than rago's son

file: 4572-64670-0008.flac
expected: harbour no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with heart sincere for from the grace which he has shown will glory on my name be thrown great store of merit shall i gain and duteous form no wish in vain
	layer_2: irbano doubd or jgelus fear i speak de tt wah arts in cer for front a grees wids he has sho will glowry on my na betro greats too o marrit shalli gan and dutious form no wish in vea
	layer_4: arba no doubet or jealous fer i speak de trut werh hardsincer for from the greace whichs he has showne oll glory on my name be tro great stor of marriet shall i gam and dutious form no wish in vain
	layer_6: ha by no dout or jealous fear i speak the trut with heart sincer four from the grace which he has shown wil glory on my name be tron great store of marrig shall i gain and duteus form no wish in vai
	layer_8: harbe no doubt or jealous fear i speak dhe trute with heart sincere for from the grace which he hash shown wil glory on my name betrown great store of marriage shall i gain and dutious form nor wish in vain
	layer_10: harber no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with heart sincere for from the grace which he hash shown will glory on my name be trown great store of marriage shall i gain and dutious form no wish in vain
	layer_12: harber no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truit with heart sincere for from the grace which he hash shown will glory on my name be trown great store of marriage shall i gain and dutious form no wish in vain

file: 4572-64670-0009.flac
expected: let me enforced by many a row of followers armed with shaft and bow for well loved rama's weal provide who lies asleep by sita's side
	layer_2: tlhet me an foused by madn y arol or forowus arb bu shafta and be for well lef broawmaswe o proiede who ligzeesleep by see our side
	layer_4: let me an forsed by maynero or foroers ar lued shaft and bew for well of ramaswele provide who liz asleep by seat er side
	layer_6: let me unforsed by many raow are folwers arbled shafta and bow for well of rama's wa l provide who lizs asleep by seat ors side
	layer_8: let me unforced by many a row oar foldowers arbored shaft and bow for whell o ramar's wal provide who lies asleep by seatar's side
	layer_10: let me unforced by many a row are followers arbowit shaft and bow for whilte te vrama's whale provide who lies asleep by seetar's side
	layer_12: let me unforced by many a row are followers arbwith shaft and bow for while te vrama's whale provide who lies asleep by seetar's side

file: 4572-64670-0010.flac
expected: with words like these i spoke designed to move the high souled bharat's mind but he upon his duty bent plied his persuasive argument o how can slumber close mine eyes when lowly couched with sita lies the royal rama
	layer_2: witowats liketdes i s poke designde tomoved to highsold vir its mind but he upon his duty bent plied his parswes of agaement o ho counslom ba glos myd ies whele loly coucedtoitd seet ou lies daral rabar
	layer_4: wit wards like dhese i sppok designd te moved te hygh sold vore at's mind but he upon his duty band plied his parsulous of argomendt oh how coun slum ba clos miy teyes when loly couc oith seatourlis deroyal ramba
	layer_6: wit walts like thease i spoke designed temove the high sold vorrat's mind but he upon his duty bend plied his parsuusive argoment oh how cont slumbar clos myd eyes whene lowly couc to it seat our lies deroyald rama
	layer_8: wit walrts like these i spoke designed to move the highsould vorrot's mind but he upon his duty bend plied his parsuasive argomend oh how can slumber closes my eyes when lowly couch to its seat our lies de royal drama
	layer_10: witwalts like these i spoke designed to move the highsould vorratt's mind but he upon his duty bend plied his parsuaasive argument oh how can slumber close my eyes when lownly couch to it seat our lies de royal drama
	layer_12: witwarts like these i spoke designed to move the highsouled vorrett's mind but he upon his duty bend plied his parsuasive argument oh how can slumber close my eyes when lownly couch to it seat our lies de royal drama

file: 4572-64670-0011.flac
expected: he whom no mighty demon no nor heavenly god can overthrow see guha how he lies alas with sita couched on gathered grass
	layer_2: he home no mhy to temant now no hav a ly gap and overtrao se g her holl he lis alas would seeter caulcghed on gatet craus
	layer_4: he whome no mi te deman no no hav aly gard and overtro se go her how he lies alas wuld sater colghed on gadat tros
	layer_6: he whom no my tedeamon now nor haveinly gard can overtro see go her how he lies alas with citar caulched on gatted traus
	layer_8: he whom no mighte deemon now nor heavenly guard can overtrow see guhar how he lies alas with cetar culched on gathered tross
	layer_10: he whom no mighty deemon now nor heavenly guard can overtrow see guhar how he lies alas with citar culched on gathered trass
	layer_12: he whom no mighty deemon now nor heavenly guard can overtrow see guhar how he lies alas with citar culched on gathered traas

file: 4572-64670-0012.flac
expected: now as his son is forced to fly the king ere long will surely die reft of his guardian hand forlorn in widowed grief this land will mourn
	layer_2: now as his son his false to fly the king ellong wit sioly te raft of his gudgan hound forla in o do gree this loandoe man
	layer_4: now as his son his false to fly the king elong will seoly die raft of his gudge an hand forlon in odiyour grief this land wul ban
	layer_6: now as his son is false to fly the king ere long will se oly die reft of his gudge in hand fore lon in uldiard grief this land will bon
	layer_8: now as his son is falce to fly the king are long will seoly die reft of his gudgian hand fallon in udyioured grief this land will morn
	layer_10: now as his son is false to fly the king ere long will seeoli die reft of his gudgian hand farllon in inierd grief this land will mourn
	layer_12: now as his son is false to fly the king ere long will seeoli die reft of his gudgian hand fallon in indieard grief this land will mourn

file: 4572-64670-0013.flac
expected: but ah for sad kausalya how fare she and mine own mother now how fares the king
	layer_2: but a war setcosiin y how fher she and my ond mydded now how fars o king
	layer_4: but auh for sat cochillia how fere she and minen ornd madere now how fairs the king
	layer_6: but ah for sad cachillia how fair she and mine owd mader now how fars the king
	layer_8: but arh for said carchelia how fair she and mine own mader now how far es the king
	layer_10: but ah forsaid coshilia how fear she and mine own mater now how fair is the king
	layer_12: but ah forsaid coshilia how far she and mine owd marter now how fair is the king

file: 4572-64670-0014.flac
expected: with hopes upon satrughna set my mother may survive as yet but the sad queen will die who bore the hero for her grief is sore
	layer_2: i t opes upen se ralne set my mader misur vy bas yet but dhe sad queenel die who bor to herar for hr gry is s
	layer_4: it hopes upan sete rogner set my mader missar vibesyet but the said queneal die who bore te hearo for he gref his saw
	layer_6: or it hopes upan setrugna set my mader misar vibes yet but the said coenoull die who bore dehero for her grief is saw
	layer_8: h it hopes upon setrugna set my marder missare vibes yet but the said coeniull die who bore de herer for her grief is sore
	layer_10: ohit hopes upon cetrug na set my murder mas sar vibe as yet but the said coin u'll die who bore te herer for her grief is sore
	layer_12: it hopes upon cetrug nas set my murder massare vibe as yet but the said coin u'll die who bore te herer for her grief is sore

file: 4572-64670-0015.flac
expected: too late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_2: to la to king wit cry and conqed by his misery die
	layer_4: to lay a king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_6: too lay te king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_8: too late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_10: too late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_12: too late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die

file: 4572-64670-0016.flac
expected: when fate has brought the mournful day which sees my father pass away how happy in their lives are they allowed his funeral rites to pay
	layer_2: when faite has brod emonful da who uld seeze my fate pass oway how happy indelives aday alowd is feeneral driks to pay
	layer_4: when fatd has brouahd demonful day who hid seeze my father passaway how happy in telives ar day allowed his fener al ries to pay
	layer_6: when fat has brought the mounful day who hd seizs my father pass away how happy in ter lives or day allowed his fener al rikes to pay
	layer_8: when fate has brought the mournful day who hid sees my father pass away how happy in ther lifes are day allowd his feneral rigtes to pay
	layer_10: when fate has brought the mournful day who had sees my father pass away how happy in their lifes are day allowed his feneral rights to pay
	layer_12: when fate has brought the mournful day who had sees my father pass away how happy in their lifes are day allowed his feneral rights to pay

file: 4572-64670-0017.flac
expected: thus bharat stood with many a sigh lamenting and the night went by
	layer_2: thoes horidtstoodwid manyasigh l amenting andi nigt t went by
	layer_4: tdoes whore it stoo ic manya sih lamenting and enight went by
	layer_6: does voret stool d it many a sig lamenting and enight went by
	layer_8: does vorre stoo dut many assih lamenting and th night went by
	layer_10: does vorred s toodut many as si lamenting and he night went by
	layer_12: does vorret stoo dute many a si lamenting and the night went by

file: 4572-64670-0018.flac
expected: when guha saw the long armed chief whose eye was like a lotus leaf with lion shoulders strong and fair high mettled prostrate in despair pale bitterly afflicted he reeled as in earthquake reels a tree
	layer_2: when go her sad a long arp chieve as i was like alodos leeve wrt lin shoulder s thong and fair hgh matteltd prostraitin dispar pale betaly a flictet hea reld es in atquake reals a tre
	layer_4: when go her sod along urm cieve ose ee was like a lodus lefe at lin shoulders trong and fair high matteld prostreaht in despair pale betarly a flict at he realed das in artquake reals atree
	layer_6: when go her sowt a long arm chiefe whose eye was like a lodous leaf what lion shoulders trong and fair high mattled prostraet in despair pale betarly afflicetd ad he reld as in artquake real's a tree
	layer_8: when gohasod a long armchiev whose eye was like a lodous leave whit lion's shoulders strong and fair high mattledt prostrate in despair pale bitarly afflickted he reeled as an artquake rels etree
	layer_10: when gohasawd a long armchieve whose eye was like a lotus leave whit lion shoulders strong and fair high mattled prostrate in despair pale bitarly afflicted he reeled as an artquake reels a tree
	layer_12: wen gohasaw d a long armchieve whose eye was like a lotus leave whit lion shoulders strong and fair high mattled prostrate in despair pale bitarly afflicted he reeled as an artquake reels a tree

file: 4572-64670-0019.flac
expected: kausalya by her woe oppressed the senseless bharat's limbs caressed as a fond cow in love and fear caresses oft her youngling dear then yielding to her woe she said weeping and sore disquieted what torments o my son are these of sudden pain or swift disease
	layer_2: cosiillia by how wore or presst the senstlas boritsl ns carest as if fon cow in llovern fear caras s olf ti younglingdear denhe olding to hor war she saidt oping and sow disquiteet what tamentso my son ates off sudemn pain alseifed desees
	layer_4: cacilia by how ware opressed the senseless voritslaans carasd as i on cow in a love an fear carasis of ty youngling dea dunyolding to har a she said oeping and saw disquite it what tomonts or my son ardese off sudden pain or sweft desease
	layer_6: cargelia by how war oppressed the senseless vorislience charessed as af on cow in a love and fear charisses of her youngling dear dennyilding to her war she said weeping and saw disquie it what tarmants o my son ardese of sudden pain or swift disease
	layer_8: corgelia by hew war oppressed the senseless vorutzlins caressed as if fon cow in love and fear charas as olfed her youngling der denyelding to he war she said weeping and saw disquiet it what tomants o my son ardese oflf sudden pain or swift disease
	layer_10: cogalia by her war oppressed the senseless veruzlins caresset as if on cow in love and fear caress has olved her yangling dear deneilding to her wah she said weeping and sore disquietet what torman or my son ardes af sudden pain or swift disease
	layer_12: cogalia by her war oppressed the senseless verz linz caresset as if ond cow in love and fear caress has olfed her yaungling dear deniilding to her war she said weeping and sore disquietet what tormants o my son ardes alf sudden pain or swift disease

file: 4572-64670-0020.flac
expected: the lives of us and all the line depend dear child on only thine
	layer_2: de lifes of urs and all de lin the pade child arn only dim
	layer_4: de lifes of us and all teline the pan der child an only dine
	layer_6: the lifes of us and all the line the pan dear child on only dine
	layer_8: the lives of us and all the line the pan dear child or only dine
	layer_10: the lives of us and all the line the pan dear child our only dyne
	layer_12: the lives of us and all the line the pan dear child our only dyne

file: 4572-64670-0021.flac
expected: rama and lakshman forced to flee i live by naught but seeing thee for as the king has past away thou art my only help to day
	layer_2: ra my lucman for s to fle i lea by not but seendee for s e king has passd arwai tol art my arly hoalp to tday
	layer_4: ramy luctihman forse to flee i lea by not but seeing dee for as the king has passt away dill art my only help to day
	layer_6: ramy luxhman forced to flea i lea by not but seeing dee for as the king has passed away tell art my only help to day
	layer_8: ramy luchman forced to fleey i leave by nougt but seeing tee for as the king has passed away toul art my only help to day
	layer_10: ra my luxshman force to flee i leave by naught but seeing dhee for as the king has passed away thou art my only help to day
	layer_12: ra my luxishman force to flee i leave by naught but seeing thee for as the king has passed away thou art my only help to day

file: 4572-64670-0022.flac
expected: show me the couch whereon he lay tell me the food he ate i pray
	layer_2: show meto couls werearn helay tell me a fodt he eight i pray
	layer_4: show me ta cows wherearm he lay tell me toford he eit i pray
	layer_6: show me te cows where arm he lay tell me tafford he ate i pray
	layer_8: show me the cowts where arm he lay tell me taford he ate i pray
	layer_10: show me the cowuse where arm he lay tell me the fold he ate i pray
	layer_12: show me the cous where arm he lay tell me the fold he ate i pray

file: 4572-64670-0023.flac
expected: then calm and still absorbed in thought he drank the water lakshman brought and then obedient to his vows he fasted with his gentle spouse
	layer_2: then carmons tel af joled intart he drengdtha watter luxmant brat and en abedient to his vows he fesded with his entale spows
	layer_4: then carmmons thel afjoved in taught he dranked a water luctiman brought and den obedient to his vows he fast ed with his zentle spows
	layer_6: then calrmons theel ebjolved in tarht he dranked a water luxhman brought and then obedient to his vows he fasted with his gentle spows
	layer_8: then carm an's heel ebjolved in tart he dranke the water lukshman brought and then obedient to his vows he fested with his gentle spowes
	layer_10: then carmanst theel ebjolved in tart he drank the water lukshman brought and then obedient to his vows he fested with his gentle spows
	layer_12: then carmbanst heel ebjolved in tart he drank the water lucishman brought and then obedient to his vows he fested with his gentle spows

file: 4572-64670-0024.flac
expected: here stands the tree which lent them shade here is the grass beneath it laid where rama and his consort spent the night together ere they went
	layer_2: he estans ta tree whitds lanedhem shade he as te grouss ben it it lad where reaby and his cansod spemnt de night to getder ad a went
	layer_4: he astande tha tree wohichs land hem shade he ha is degrowss ben it it lade whererama and his consotspant denight to gether ai de went
	layer_6: he e stands a tree which lamdem shade here is the gras bennet it laid where rarma and his concotspent tenight together ere de went
	layer_8: he astands a tree wih s lamdam shade here is the grass benet it laid where rama and his consorts spent tenight together ere dhey went
	layer_10: here stands tha tree with's lamdom shade here is the graus benet it laid where rama and his consorts spent the night together ere they went
	layer_12: here stands the tree withs lamdom shade here is the graus benet it laid where rama and his consort spent the night together ere they went

file: 4572-112383-0000.flac
expected: he ceased
	layer_2: hi seesed
	layer_4: he seised
	layer_6: he seazed
	layer_8: he seized
	layer_10: he seized
	layer_12: he seized

file: 4572-112383-0001.flac
expected: where where is sita
	layer_2: whe whas seete
	layer_4: whe whys site
	layer_6: whe why i cita
	layer_8: why why is cita
	layer_10: why why is ceta
	layer_12: why why is ceta

file: 4572-112383-0002.flac
expected: scorched by the fiery god of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_2: scogedo wbyte firy got of day hi onthis mih to hel i lay
	layer_4: scorged wvi the firy god of day high on this migto hill i lay
	layer_6: scolged wby the fiery god of day high on this migty hill i lay
	layer_8: scolged by the fiery gad of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_10: scolged by the fiery guard of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_12: scolged by the fiery guard of day high on this mighty hill i lay

file: 4572-112383-0003.flac
expected: each morn and eve he brought me food and filial care my life renewed
	layer_2: ch mallnan yeve he braht me food and filial care my life frd ned
	layer_4: each morn an ete he broaught me food and filial care my life ri ned
	layer_6: each mon and eath he brought me food and filial care my life renelrled
	layer_8: each mon and eve he brought me food and filial care my life renerled
	layer_10: each molle and eve he brought me food and filial care my life reneled
	layer_12: each molne and eve he brought me food and filial care my life reneled

file: 4572-112383-0004.flac
expected: swift to the south his course he bent and cleft the yielding element
	layer_2: sweefed to desolt his calls he bent and clagfhd ai eilding alimend
	layer_4: sweved to thecolt his calls he bent and clefed a yielding alimentd
	layer_6: sweved to dhe sult his calls he bent and cleft tha yielding alement
	layer_8: sweeved to the sult his callse he bent and cleft the yielding alement
	layer_10: sweved to the salt his calls he bent and cleft the yielding alement
	layer_12: sweved to the salt his calls he bent and cleft the yielding alement

file: 4572-112383-0005.flac
expected: the holy spirits of the air came round me as i marvelled there and cried as their bright legions met o say is sita living yet
	layer_2: the holys parit s of th ir came row me as i marvoldar and cried as der bridt legian s mat o say is seati leaving yet
	layer_4: the wholees perids of the eair came rowd me as i marvel ter and cried as derbridt legiancs mat osay is seat ir leaving yet
	layer_6: the holest perits of the air came round me as i marveldere and cried as their briht legians met o say is seat aur leaving yet
	layer_8: the holiest pirrits of the air came round me as i marvel ere and cried as their bride legians met oh say is satare leaving yet
	layer_10: the holiest pirrits of the air came round me as i marvelled there and cried as their bride legians met o say is satar leaving yet
	layer_12: the holiest pirrits of the air came round me as i marvelled there and cried as their bridel legians met o say is satar leaving yet

file: 4572-112383-0006.flac
expected: thus cried the saints and told the name of him who held the struggling dame
	layer_2: dhoe's cried to sans and teld dtonam orfim who holed te strogglig dame
	layer_4: thoes cried the saints and tol de name offim who holed de struggling dame
	layer_6: thos cried the saints and told the name of im who hold the struggling dame
	layer_8: those cried the saints and told the name of fhim who hold the struggling dame
	layer_10: those cried the saints and told the name of him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_12: those cried the saints and told the name of him who hold the struggling dame

file: 4572-112383-0007.flac
expected: then from the flood sampati paid due offerings to his brother's shade
	layer_2: ten front hef flut someparty paid do ofterings to his broado shade
	layer_4: ten front o flood some parti pad do offerings to his broud ers shade
	layer_6: ten fron to flood some party paid due offerings to his broader's shade
	layer_8: ten fromt te flood some party paid due offerings to his broawder's shade
	layer_10: ten fromp te flood some party paid due offerings to his broawder's shade
	layer_12: ten from te flood some party paid due offerings to his broawder's shade

file: 4572-112383-0008.flac
expected: seven nights in deadly swoon i passed but struggling life returned at last
	layer_2: seven nigtes andeadlys rm i paursed but's trogling liefretan at lsed
	layer_4: seven nights in deadlyss orn i paursed butstrongling life retan at losed
	layer_6: seven nights in deaedly sorn i pased but strongling life returned at lased
	layer_8: seven nights in deardly sorn i passed but strungling life returned at last
	layer_10: seven nights in deadly sworn i passed but strangling life returned at last
	layer_12: seven nights in deadly sworn i passed but strangling life returned at last

file: 4572-112383-0009.flac
expected: around i bent my wondering view but every spot was strange and new
	layer_2: a round i bent my wone during vie but v rys paurt was tran e en kner
	layer_4: round i bant my onduring vie but eryspart was trange andkne
	layer_6: a round i bent my wondering v but everyspart was strange and ner
	layer_8: around i bent my wandering vee but every sport was strange and near
	layer_10: around i bent my wandering ve but every spot was strange and near
	layer_12: around i bent my wandering ve but every spot was strange and near

file: 4572-112381-0000.flac
expected: on comrades to the cave i cried and all within the portal hied
	layer_2: on comrets tod e cavte i cried and olldin the patl higd
	layer_4: on combrats to the cave i cried and alldin the potal hid
	layer_6: on comrates to the cave i cried and ald in the portal hid
	layer_8: on comrades to the cave i cried and old in the portal hide
	layer_10: on comrades to the cave i cried an old in the portal hide
	layer_12: on comrades to the cave i cried an old in the portal hide

file: 4572-112381-0001.flac
expected: here thou with hospitable care hast fed us with the noblest fare preserving us about to die with this thy plentiful supply
	layer_2: he adou wih ospitable ca hasd fadors whah te no blesst fr preservinge s abar to dy wrt tis ti plan iful supply
	layer_4: he adur with hospitable car hast feddes wat the noblest far preserving as abowed to di wit this di planteful supply
	layer_6: he adu with hospitable care hast feadders with the noblest fare preserving us about to die wit tis diplantiful supply
	layer_8: he ada with hospitable care hast feadters with the noblest fare preserving us about to die with this diplantiful supply
	layer_10: he a dol with hospitable care hast fetders with the noblest far preserving us about to die with this di plentiful supply
	layer_12: he a dol with hospitable care hast fetders with the noblest far preserving us about to die with this di plentiful supply

file: 4572-112381-0002.flac
expected: but how o pious lady say may we thy gracious boon repay
	layer_2: but how ir pious lady say mae we ti gracus boon repay
	layer_4: but how or pious lady say may we thy graceus boon repay
	layer_6: but how or pious lady say may we di graceus boon repay
	layer_8: but how o pious lady say may we digraceus boon repay
	layer_10: but how o pious lady say may we digraceest boon repay
	layer_12: but how o pious lady say may we digraceest boon repay

file: 4572-112381-0003.flac
expected: he ceased the ascetic dame replied well vanars am i satisfied
	layer_2: he seazed tho asitec day ereplied relle boders amie sad is fiet
	layer_4: he seased the esitic day replied rellbonas ami satisfid
	layer_6: he seized the estic dae replied ralbannes am i satisfied
	layer_8: he seized the astic dame replied ralbannes am i satisfied
	layer_10: he seized the aestic dame replied realbanas am i satisfied
	layer_12: he seized the aestic dame replied realbanas am i satisfied

file: 4572-112381-0004.flac
expected: a life of holy works i lead and from your hands no service need
	layer_2: i life af hoainy walks i led and frobyoul hands no sovis need
	layer_4: a life of hurly walks i lead and frob your hands no sefics need
	layer_6: a life of horly waks i lead and from your hands no sevic need
	layer_8: a life of horly walks i lead and from your hands no servist need
	layer_10: a life of holy walks i lead and from your hands no service need
	layer_12: a life of holy walks i lead and from your hands no service need

file: 4572-112381-0005.flac
expected: then spake again the vanar chief we came to thee and found relief
	layer_2: dhenc epic again dubon a chiieve we came to te and folund relieve
	layer_4: dencepick again abonar chieve we came to d and fould relieve
	layer_6: dencepick again dabonnachiev we came to d and fould relieve
	layer_8: dense spik again de bonachief we came to d and fould relieve
	layer_10: dense pick again de banna chief we came to d and found reliev
	layer_12: dense pick again de bonna chief we came to d and found reliev

file: 4572-112381-0006.flac
expected: now listen to a new distress and aid us holy votaress
	layer_2: now lis en toed neal destraeis and ades whol y woteres
	layer_4: now listen to akneuw distress and adas wholy roteres
	layer_6: now listen to a new distress and aides holly wotress
	layer_8: now listened to a new distress and aida's holy oteress
	layer_10: now listened to a new distress and aida's holy votress
	layer_12: now listened to a new distress and aida's holy votress

file: 4572-112381-0007.flac
expected: our wanderings in this vasty cave exhaust the time sugriva gave
	layer_2: o or renderings in dis vas to cave exhalsd atime sigrny agave
	layer_4: our wrenderings in isvosty cave exhalsed a time segreeve a gave
	layer_6: our renderings in disvasty cave exhaust a time cegriev a gave
	layer_8: our renderings in disvasty cave exhaulst a time sagrive a gave
	layer_10: our renderings in disvasty cave exhaust a time sagriva gave
	layer_12: our renderings in disvasty cave exhaust a time sagriva gave

file: 4572-112381-0008.flac
expected: once more then lady grant release and let thy suppliants go in peace again upon their errand sped for king sugriva's ire we dread
	layer_2: once ballden lady crondrelease and lett i suplan skol inpese a cown upon the eran s ped foulking segreve as ir we drd
	layer_4: once mallden lady grand releas and let i suplien sko im pease agawn up on ther errantspet falking segreevasire we dred
	layer_6: once balden lady grand relese and let thysupplians go in pease again upon the errant's ped folking sigre vasire we dread
	layer_8: once maldan lady grant reliese and let thy suppliancse go in pease again upon the errand's ped folking sagre vazire we dread
	layer_10: once moldan lady grand relise and let thy suppliance go in peace again upon the errant's ped forking sagri vasire we dread
	layer_12: once moldin lady grand relise and let thy suppliance go in peace again upon the erraunt's ped folking sagri vasire we dread

file: 4572-112381-0009.flac
expected: and the great task our sovereign set alas is unaccomplished yet
	layer_2: and e great tilsk olasolren set alous is in accomplsediyrd
	layer_4: and a great tosk alarsaol rencet ellos is un accomplisedierd
	layer_6: and tha great tousk allsalrine set alos is in accomplished yed
	layer_8: and the great task ou solreine set alos is unaccomplished yet
	layer_10: and the great task our solreene set alos is unaccomplished yet
	layer_12: and the great task our solvreene set alos is unaccomplished yet

file: 4572-112381-0010.flac
expected: and heard his waters roar and rave terrific with each crested wave
	layer_2: and howlid his waters hral and rave ter fic uulteach crasetat way ve
	layer_4: and howl ed his waters hreal and rave terrfick woel t each crased at wave
	layer_6: and holowed his waters thourh all and rave terrifick were to each crast at wave
	layer_8: and hollowed his waters toural and rave terrifick were to each crest at wave
	layer_10: and hollowed his waters ral an rave terriffic were to each crest at wave
	layer_12: and hollowed his waters raul an rave terriffick were to each crest at wave

file: 4572-112381-0011.flac
expected: the month is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_2: dhemant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes rimaind
	layer_4: temant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_6: demant is lost entoil and pain and now my friends what hopes remained
	layer_8: demant is lost en toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remained
	layer_10: damant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remained
	layer_12: damant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remained

file: 4572-112381-0012.flac
expected: your hearts with strong affection fraught his weal in every labour sought and the true valour of your band was blazoned wide in every land
	layer_2: your holds whithstrong afection frougt he is whel in avevrelabu solt and the tre velloar of our band was bleasand dwid in adry land
	layer_4: your hots wit trong affection frougt he as wheel in everylabu sout and the true velar of your band was bleasant wide in edvery land
	layer_6: your harts with strong afflection frauht he as will in every labours sought and the true velor of your band was bleasant wide in every land
	layer_8: your hearts with strong afflection fraught heis will in every labour sourght and the true velor of your band was pleasant wide in every land
	layer_10: your hearts with strong affection fraught hers will in every labor sought and the true velor of your band was pleasant wide in every land
	layer_12: your hearts with strong affection fraught hers will in every labor sought and the true velor of your band was pleasant wide in every land

file: 4572-112381-0013.flac
expected: come let us all from food abstain and perish thus since hope is vain
	layer_2: comelet as all from food epstan and parish dtoes since ope is vain
	layer_4: come let us al from foud ustain and parish does since hope is vain
	layer_6: come let us all from food ebstain and parish dues since hope is vain
	layer_8: come let us all from food abstain and perish does since hope is vain
	layer_10: come let us all from food abstain and perish does since hope is vain
	layer_12: come let us all from food abstain and perish does since hope is vain

file: 4572-112381-0014.flac
expected: far better thus to end our lives and leave our wealth our homes and wives leave our dear little ones and all than by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_2: farbattar dors to and oalives an leve allreald ur homes and wives leve o ea dea litten ons an ol den by his vageful hand to fal
	layer_4: far bat er does to and o arlives an leave url relt are homes and wives lave or a dea littene ons and al den by his vangful hand to fall
	layer_6: far bat ar dues to end o r lives and leave are realt our homes and wives lave ou a dear little ancs and all deme by his vangeful hand to fall
	layer_8: farbader does to end our lives and leave our rwelt our homes and wives lave our dear little ons and all demned by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_10: far batter does to end our lives and leave our relt our homes and wives lave our dear little ones and all demnd by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_12: far batther does to end our lives and leave our ralt our homes and wives lave our dear little ones and all demned by his vengeful hand to fall

file: 4572-112381-0015.flac
expected: our forfeit lives will surely pay for idle search and long delay and our fierce king will bid us die the favour of his friend to buy
	layer_2: of a forfidt lives in sholypa for idoensoach a longd tolay and tho a fe rs ckaing will bet es diye the favr of his friend to by
	layer_4: of ar forfit lifes in sarly pay for idol search and long to lay and thou a frs king will beaters di the favor of his friend to buy
	layer_6: aer forfeit lifes in arly pay for idle search an long delay and thou arfear's king will bet as die the favour of his friend to buy
	layer_8: our forfeit lifes i shurely pay for idle search a long delay and thoufears king will bead as die the favor of his friend to buy
	layer_10: our forfeit lifes is surely pay for idle search an long delay and thour fearse king will beat us die the favor of his friend to buy
	layer_12: our forfeit lifes is surely pay for idle search ad long delay and thour fear's king will beat us die the favor of his friend to buy

file: 4572-112381-0016.flac
expected: then tara softly spake to cheer the vanars hearts oppressed by fear despair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cavern dwell
	layer_2: then toror solyspake to cheer the boner's holdt suppresed by her this pare no more youedou dispel commin thisample cavleo dwol
	layer_4: then tara softlyss pake to chea the bonor's hots oppressed by fhea this par no mor your doubts dispell com in this ample cavon dwell
	layer_6: dentala softly spakue to cher the bonner's harts oppressed by fer this par no more your doubts dispell come in this ample cavn dwell
	layer_8: dantala softly spakue to cheer the baner's harts oppressed by fear dis pair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cavirn dwell
	layer_10: den tala softly spakue to cheer the barner's hearts oppressed by fear dispair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cabirn dwell
	layer_12: den tala softly spaque to cheer the barner's hearts oppressed by fear dispair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cabirn dwell

file: 4572-112381-0017.flac
expected: thou fondly hopest in this cave the vengeance of the foe to brave
	layer_2: dou fwonly holpersd in discavee dhe vangiance of the fod to braee
	layer_4: thour fonly hopest in discave thi vagiance of the foe to brave
	layer_6: thou fonly hopest in discave the vangeiance of the fo to brave
	layer_8: thou fondly hopest in discave the vengeance of the fol to brave
	layer_10: thou fondly hopest in discave the vangeance of the foe to brave
	layer_12: thou fondly hopest in discave the vengeance of the foe to brave

file: 4572-112381-0018.flac
expected: but lakshman's arm a shower will send of deadly shafts those walls to rend
	layer_2: but luchments am as shir  ol wilh send offthadlhe shafdstols walds to rend
	layer_4: but lucihments arm i shar a wilh send of tadly shaft stills warlls to rend
	layer_6: but luxhmen's arm a shallare will send of dadly shaft stills wals to rend
	layer_8: but lumen's arm ishah lar will send of deadly shaft still s walls to rend
	layer_10: but lucxshma's arm i shalwa will send of deadly shaft stills walls to rend
	layer_12: but luxshman's arm i shawa will send of deadly shaft stills walls to rend

file: 4572-112381-0019.flac
expected: thy loving kinsman true and wise looks on thee still with favouring eyes
	layer_2: thy loving cinsman true run wis nokes oneteyus tail it faburing eys
	layer_4: ti loving cinstman true unwis noxs ontase tail it faboring eyes
	layer_6: ty lov in kensmen true unwise no ex on thaese tail it favouring eyes
	layer_8: thy loveing kentsman true runwise noks ontes tal it favoring eys
	layer_10: thy loving kenseman true unwise noks on dhe's tale it flavouring eyse
	layer_12: thy loving kenseman true unwise noks on dhe's tale it favouring eyse

file: 4572-112375-0000.flac
expected: he heard the prince's furious tread he saw his eyes glow fiercely red
	layer_2: he halld e prices fheryoustrad he sou his eyes glow feyoursly red
	layer_4: he hald ta princes ferious trect he soul his eyes glow feercely rect
	layer_6: he hard to princess furius tract he soul his eyes glow fiercely wrecked
	layer_8: he haued te princes's furious track hie saul his eyes glow fiercely wrecked
	layer_10: he hauled a prince's furious trackt he saw his eyes glow fiercely wrecked
	layer_12: he hauled a prince's furious tract he saw his eyes glow fiercely wrecked

file: 4572-112375-0001.flac
expected: swift sprang the monarch to his feet upstarting from his golden seat
	layer_2: serfet sprang damoler to his feed ubstarding from his golded seat
	layer_4: serfts preng demoner to his feed obstarding from his golden sead
	layer_6: serft is prang da monurgh to his feet obstarting from his golden seat
	layer_8: serfd s prang da molnark to his feet opbstarting from his golden seet
	layer_10: serfd sprang da molorch to his feet upstarting from his golden seed
	layer_12: serf desprang da molorch to his feet opstarting from his golden seed

file: 4572-112375-0002.flac
expected: ungrateful vanar king art thou and faithless to thy plighted vow
	layer_2: an greatfulabon or king ot dow and faitless to di pliededvow
	layer_4: on gratful bonner king o dou and fateless to die plied advou
	layer_6: ongrateful bonner king ado and faitless to dieplied advow
	layer_8: ungrateful bonner king o tou and fatless to diplied advow
	layer_10: ungrateful bonner king ah to and fateless to di plitad vow
	layer_12: ungrateful bonner king ah to and faiteless to die plit ad vow

file: 4572-112375-0003.flac
expected: now if thy pride disown what he high thoughted prince has done for thee struck by his arrows shalt thou fall and bali meet in yama's hall
	layer_2: thow ifd i pried deson what he hi talt a prins as don fote strucke by his arrows shal ou wol and bally met inyel o's hol
	layer_4: now if t i pride desown what he hig talt at prince as don fordee struck by his arrows shall our fall and baly meet in he yomar's hol
	layer_6: now if di pride dison what he i talt at prince has done for tee struck by his arrows shalt dar fall and baly meat in yamars hall
	layer_8: now if dy pride diszone what he i taultat prince has done for tee struck by his arrows shalt darfall and baley mat in yamar's hall
	layer_10: now if dy pride de zone what he hitalteed prince has done for te struck by his arrows shalt darfall and baley meat in yamar's hall
	layer_12: now if dy pride de zone what he hitalted prince has done for te struck by his arrows shalt darfall and baley meat in yamar's hall

file: 4572-112375-0004.flac
expected: still open to the gloomy god lies the sad path thy brother trod
	layer_2: still opin to dhe glo me god lized a sandpatd i brot a trod
	layer_4: still open to the glowmy god liese a sant pat ti broaud a trod
	layer_6: still opun to the glomy god lies the sant pat dy broata trod
	layer_8: still opun to the gloamy god lies the sand pat dibrada trod
	layer_10: still open to the glooamy god lies the sand pant dibrada trod
	layer_12: still open to the glooamy god lies the sand pant dibrada trod

file: 4572-112375-0005.flac
expected: then to thy plighted word be true nor let thy steps that path pursue
	layer_2: then tod hiplidten adto be tre no let i stepstet pout porsu
	layer_4: then to tipliedhe wald  be true no let thi steps thet bout porsue
	layer_6: then to tdi aplie in wald be true nor let thy steps temt bot pursu
	layer_8: then to tdhyplieden world be true nor let thy steps de bout pursou
	layer_10: then to thiaplided world be true nor let thy steps damp out porsou
	layer_12: then to thiaplided world be true nor let thy steps damp out porsou

file: 4572-112375-0006.flac
expected: he ceased and tara starry eyed thus to the angry prince replied not to my lord shouldst thou address a speech so fraught with bitterness not thus reproached my lord should be and least of all o prince by thee
	layer_2: hi seased and toro s try id tos to th en reprins hreplid noto my lold shoulds do attress is pec so frat oarto be tenes not does hproached my lnold should ba an list of all o prins bi tey
	layer_4: he seesed andtarras tarry eyed toes to the enre prinse hreplied not to my lord should doua tress espeach so frout or t be tenese not does repproached my lord should be and list of all o prinse by dee
	layer_6: he seized antaras tary eyed toes to the en re prince replied not to my lord should thou attress espeach so frout orit beatoness not does reproached my lord should be and list of all o prince by thee
	layer_8: he seazed and tara tarry eyed does to the enry prince replied not to my lord should thou address espeech so fraugt o it beatenes not dos reproach my lord should be and list of all o prince by thee
	layer_10: he seized and tara stary eyed does to the engry prince e replied not to my lord shouldst thou address e speech so fraut or it beatonels not as reproacht my lord should be and list of all o prince by thee
	layer_12: he ceized and tara stary eyed does to the enry prince e replied not to my lord shouldst thou address e speech so fraut or it beatonels not as reproach to my lord should be and list of all o prince by thee

file: 4572-112375-0007.flac
expected: from paths of truth he never strays nor wanders in forbidden ways
	layer_2: from parts aftru hen navustras nol wantes in ful bid and ways
	layer_4: from parts af tru hin nevers trays noll wanders in fall bid and ways
	layer_6: from parts af true he nevers tras nor wonders in folbid and ways
	layer_8: from parts of true he never s trays nor wonders in forbid end ways
	layer_10: from parts of true he never strays nor wonders in forbidden ways
	layer_12: from parts of true he never strays nor wonders in forbidden ways

file: 4572-112375-0008.flac
expected: ne'er will sugriva's heart forget by rama saved the lasting debt
	layer_2: thevevold igrevaus heart wocket by rbma saved te lasting dept
	layer_4: therveol sigreevos heart focget by rabmar saved the lasting dept
	layer_6: nerevr il secgreveour's heart forget by raar saved the lasting dept
	layer_8: nervore will sigrievor's heart forget by ramah saved the lasting debt
	layer_10: nevo wilt eg grievor's heart forget by rauma saved the lasting debt
	layer_12: nevow wilt ten grievos heart forget by rauma saved the lasting debt

file: 4572-112375-0009.flac
expected: restored to fame by rama's grace to empire o'er the vanar race from ceaseless dread and toil set free restored to ruma and to me by grief and care and exile tried new to the bliss so long denied like visvamitra once alas he marks not how the seasons pass
	layer_2: ristupe to fa by romous gras to apire over heboner ras from sensdes dread and cthoil sat free ristult to rooumar and to me by gree fand care and excile trid nhel to t a bis so log did nit like vhe shu med o ons alows he marksd ot how the sensans pase
	layer_4: restot to fame by rama's gras to empire over tha bane rays from sincelhisdread and toil sat free restolt to roumar and to me by gree and care and exile tried knel to the bliss so long di nighd like veshommi ro ons allows he marks not how the scensan's powse
	layer_6: restoe the fame by rama's gracs to empire over the bano rays from sinceless dread and toils sat free restoled ti rumor and to me by grief and care and exiled tried kneel to the bliss so long denighd like viciamitra ance allows he marks not how the scanson's powes
	layer_8: restored tho fame by rama's gras to empire over the barne rays from sinceless dread and toil set free restored to rumor and to me by grief and care and exiled tried kneel to the bliss so long denied like vishamitra wancs allos he marks not how the sason's powers
	layer_10: restored to fame by rama's gracs to empire over the barne rays from sanceless dread and toil set free restored to rumour and to me by grief and care and exile tried kneel to the bliss so long denied like vishamitra ones allows he marks not how the season's powers
	layer_12: restored to fame by rama's grace to empire over the barne rays from sanceless dread and toil set free restored to rumour and to me by grief and care and exile tried kneel to the bliss so long denied like veshamitra ones allows he marks not how the season's powers

file: 4572-112375-0010.flac
expected: the matrons of the vanar race see marks of fury in thy face they see thine eyes like blood are red and will not yet be comforted
	layer_2: the mationsobda vanarase symemalks of fery i dive fais dhey se diene eyese like blod ar read and willd ot yet be com faouterd
	layer_4: the mattrons omeda vanerayse sa margs of fery in dive fase they see dine eyes like blood ire red and will not yet becom fouteed
	layer_6: the mattrins of de vana rays say margs of fery in die phase they see dine eyes like blood are read and will not yet becomeforted
	layer_8: the mattrons of tdhe vana rayse sa marg's of fury in dye phase they see dyn eyes like blood are red and will not yet becomeforted
	layer_10: the mattrons of the vana rays say marg's of fury in dye phase they see dine eyes like blood are red and will not yet become forted
	layer_12: the mattrons of the vana rayse say marg's of fury in dye phase they see dine eyes like blood are red and will not yet become forted

file: 4572-112375-0011.flac
expected: she ceased and lakshman gave assent won by her gentle argument
	layer_2: he seised anlucxman gave a sent on by herd joundle argament
	layer_4: she seiszed enluctimon gave assent on by her jountle argument
	layer_6: she seized an luxman gave ascent on by her countl argament
	layer_8: she seized an luckhman gave assent won by her gental argument
	layer_10: she seized and lucshman gave assent won by her gental argument
	layer_12: she seized and lucshman gave assent won by her gental argument

file: 4572-112375-0012.flac
expected: so tara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_2: so torospeading just and miled his softnin at had reconsil
	layer_4: so toros peading just and mild his sotening hart had reconsild
	layer_6: so taro's peding just and mild his sotening hot had reconsiled
	layer_8: so taro's peeding just and mild his softening hoart had reconciled
	layer_10: so taro's peading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_12: so taro's peading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled

file: 4572-112375-0013.flac
expected: the hero's side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_2: the herow side i will not leauve but he the conquest shall achie ue
	layer_4: the hero side i will not leave but he the conquest shall acheve
	layer_6: the hero's side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_8: the hero's sigded i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_10: the heros side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_12: the hero's side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve

file: 4572-112375-0014.flac
expected: so strong art thou so brave and bold so pure in thought so humble souled that thou deservest well to reign and all a monarch's bliss to gain
	layer_2: sostrong o do so bravevan belld so piuar ie tullt so hubole sold thea dou des ovest well to rain and all ley monro spis to gan
	layer_4: so strong ar diw so brave and belld so pir in talt so humble sold the dough desorvest well to rain and all ley monra'spliset to gaine
	layer_6: so strong ardo so brave and belld so pre intalt so humble sold that thou deservest well to rain and all ta mornr s plisce to gain
	layer_8: so strong arda so brave and belled so pre intalt so humbled sold that thou deservest dwell to reign and all te monalds plicse to gain
	layer_10: so strong ardaul so brave and belled so pure in talt so humble sould that thou deservest well to reign and all tle monarc's bliss to gain
	layer_12: so strong artau so brave and belled so pure in talt so humble sould that thou deservest well to reign and all te monarce's bliss to gain

file: 4572-112375-0015.flac
expected: lend thou my brother aid and all his foes beneath his arm will fall
	layer_2: then dol my broad a eed an ol he is fose ben it his om wll fol
	layer_4: tlantal my broade ad and al he is fose ben it his om will fal
	layer_6: lantyle by brader aid and all heis foes benet his arm will fall
	layer_8: lantal by brother aid and all his foes benat his arm will fall
	layer_10: lantal by brather aid and all his foes beneath his arm will fall
	layer_12: lental by brather aid and all his foes beneath his arm will fall

file: 6599-38590-0000.flac
expected: whatever hand it was that shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldiery
	layer_2: whatever hand it was the cshot down burben rom after his deafh was plundered deve stated and ravaged by rudo greedy lisenstious and fanatical soltier
	layer_4: whatever hand it was the chot down burben rome after his death was plundered devistated and rabvaged by brutl greedy lessentious and panatical soldier
	layer_6: whatever hand it was the shot down burbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brudal greedy lucentious and fanatical soldier
	layer_8: whatever hand it was the shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastted and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldiery
	layer_10: whatever hand it was the shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldiery
	layer_12: whatever hand it was the shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldiery

file: 6599-38590-0001.flac
expected: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_2: wherefoure for the future ritus nothing at all but appointus the time and place of meting and lwill bring our sword for yu to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighding shall be yors seeing that when t comes to an in counter there is n end of all rightding
	layer_4: wherefore for the future right us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and l will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_6: wherefore for the future writeus nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and lwe ill bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_8: wherefore for the future write es nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_10: wherefore for the future writes nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_12: wherefore for the future writes nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing

file: 6599-38590-0002.flac
expected: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_2: sir andswered tdhespanued fpromitme to do my office and say what the imperhas cthargd me to say
	layer_4: sir answered thespanuad fper mit me to do my office and say what the emperor hs charge me to say
	layer_6: sir answered the spaniard fermit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_8: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_10: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_12: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say

file: 6599-38590-0003.flac
expected: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent signed by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_2: nay i will tot listendo thee said fireancsis if thou d oni first give me a patent sign by thi master containing an a point ment of time and place sir i have orders to re yew thet caurtell and give it you afterwards
	layer_4: may i will not listene to the said francis if thou do no first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to red you tha cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_6: may i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_8: may i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_10: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_12: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards

file: 6599-38590-0004.flac
expected: burgundy without being put out began again sir
	layer_2: purginty sthoetd being put out began again sir
	layer_4: burgandy thougt being put out began again sir
	layer_6: burgundy thout being put out began again sir
	layer_8: burgundy ithout being put out began again sir
	layer_10: burgundy ithout being put out began again sir
	layer_12: burgundy without being put out began again sir

file: 6599-38590-0005.flac
expected: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place
	layer_2: nay said francis i will not suffer him dto speak to me before his given me appointmento timins lace
	layer_4: nmay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he is given me appointment of timon' lace
	layer_6: may said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he his given me appointment of timeind' place
	layer_8: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he hs given me appointment of tim ond place
	layer_10: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place
	layer_12: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place

file: 6599-38590-0006.flac
expected: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_2: givb it me or return as thouas come
	layer_4: give it me or return as thou ast come
	layer_6: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_8: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_10: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_12: give it me or return as thou hast come

file: 6599-38590-0007.flac
expected: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_2: i am quite willing said beking let him hae it
	layer_4: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_6: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_8: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_10: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_12: i am quite willing said the king let him have it

file: 6599-38590-0008.flac
expected: the peace of cambrai was called the ladies peace in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessities and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_2: the pece of cambri wast called the ladyes pieace in unte of the two princesses who had gochated it the moraly different an a vary nyqual worth they both hadmins of a rare order and trained to recognize politiclof thecessidts and not to attempt any but possible successets
	layer_4: the pece of cambry was called the ladies piece in hontor of the two princesses who had gociated it the morally different and a very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and traimed t o recognized political necessidutes and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_6: the piece of cambra was called the ladies pieace in honour of the two princesses who had gotiated it theg morally different and a very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitudes and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_8: the piece of cambra was called the ladiespiece in honor of the two princesses who hadnegotiated it thogh morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and traind to recognize political necessitudes and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_10: the piece of cambrae was called the ladye's piece in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it thoeugh morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitues and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_12: this piece of cambrae was called the lady's piece in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitues and not to attempt any but possible successes

file: 6599-38590-0009.flac
expected: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_2: all the great polidicallacter seemed hurying he lay from the stage as if the dramel wereapproaching its tend
	layer_4: all the great political actor seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the droa were approaching itsend
	layer_6: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_8: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_10: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_12: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end

file: 6599-38591-0000.flac
expected: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dreux he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_2: on fifteen sixtito at the battl of drew he was aged an so illd that none expected to see him on horseba
	layer_4: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseba
	layer_6: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged ind so ill that none expected to see him on horseba
	layer_8: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_10: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dru he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_12: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dreu he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback

file: 6599-38591-0001.flac
expected: he fully armed save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honor of god and our king
	layer_2: he fully arm save only s head answered him right well sir thiss is the real medicen that hath cured me for the battl which is toward and up preparing for the honor of guod ind ourcamp
	layer_4: he fully arms save only as head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and up preparing for the honour of god and our came
	layer_6: he fully arm save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and uppreparing for the honour of god and our camp
	layer_8: he fully armed save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honour of god and our camp
	layer_10: he fully armed save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honour of god and our camp
	layer_12: he fully armed save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honour of god and our camp

file: 6599-38591-0002.flac
expected: the ladies peace concluded at cambrai in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_2: the ladie's pece concluded ac cambriy an fifteeme twetin nine lasted up to fifteemn thirty six insessently troubled  however by far from paciffeccemptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_4: the ladies peace concluded a cambra and fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pasifec symptoms proceedings and pureparations
	layer_6: the ladies peace concluded a cambra ind fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_8: the ladies peace concluded a cambrai in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_10: the ladies peace concluded a cambri in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_12: the ladies peace concluded a cambri in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations

file: 6599-38591-0003.flac
expected: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_2: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_4: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_6: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_8: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_10: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_12: at last he decided upon retreating

file: 6599-38591-0004.flac
expected: it was garcilaso de la vega the prince of spanish poesy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_2: it was garsilaso deloviga the prince of spanished posy the spanished pecharark according to his fello countrmen
	layer_4: it was garcilaso delaviga the prince of spanish posy the spanishd peturark according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_6: it was garcilaso de laviga the prince of spanish poesy the spanishd petararc according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_8: it was garsilaso de lavega the prince of spanish posy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_10: it was garcilaso de la vega the prince of spanish posy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_12: it was garcilaso de la vega the prince of spanish posy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen

file: 6599-38591-0005.flac
expected: montmorency signed a similar one for piedmont
	layer_2: momer ancs es sind a similere one for ped mon
	layer_4: momeranses signe a similar one for ped mine
	layer_6: momorences signed a similar one for peedmine
	layer_8: momorence signed a similar one for pedmont
	layer_10: momorencis signed a similar one for piedmot
	layer_12: momorency signed a similar one for piedmont

file: 6599-38591-0006.flac
expected: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_2: they all repared together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the imperor being tired lay down a rest on accouch queen elenoer before long went andtapted his door and sent woard to the king thot the emperor was awake
	layer_4: they all repared together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen elener before long went antappted his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_6: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen elenor before long went and tappd at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_8: they all repired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_10: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_12: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake

file: 6599-38591-0007.flac
expected: francis with the cardinal de lorraine and the constable de montmorency soon arrived
	layer_2: francis with the coardinld the larain and the constible te mle more antcy son arived
	layer_4: francis with the cardinal de larein and the constable he milmoransy soonarrived
	layer_6: francis with the cardinal delorane and the consotable de m moranci soon arrived
	layer_8: francis with the cardinal de lorain and the constable demilmorancy soon arrived
	layer_10: francis with the cardinal de lorraine and the constable de melmorancy soon arrived
	layer_12: francis with the cardinal de l'orraine and the constable de malmorancy soon arrived

file: 6599-38591-0008.flac
expected: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_2: on entering the chamber he found the emperoer still laing down and chating with his sistedth queen who was seeted beside him one chair
	layer_4: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lang down and chatting with his sisted he queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_6: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lyng down and chatting with his siste the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_8: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sisto the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_10: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sisteo the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_12: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair

file: 6599-38591-0009.flac
expected: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_2: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to slep it of
	layer_4: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_6: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_8: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_10: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_12: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off

file: 6599-38591-0010.flac
expected: francis did the converse with his own collar
	layer_2: firancesstd the convers with his own color
	layer_4: francestid the converse with his own colar
	layer_6: frances tdid the converse with his own collard
	layer_8: francis tid the converse with his own collar
	layer_10: francis stood the converse with his own collar
	layer_12: francis stood the converse with his own collar

file: 6599-38591-0011.flac
expected: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two sovereigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_2: only seven of the attendants remained in the imperoschamber and there the two savrens converst for an houar after which they moved to the hall where a splended supper awaited them
	layer_4: only seven of the attendancts remained in the imperor's chamber and there the two saverins conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_6: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two saverens conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_8: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two saverigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_10: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two sovereigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_12: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two sovereigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them

file: 6599-38591-0012.flac
expected: the ghentese pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_2: the gainties pleated their privalage of not being lible to be taxked without their ond consent
	layer_4: the ginties pleaded their privilege of not being lible to be taxed without their ownd consent
	layer_6: the genties pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_8: the gentees pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_10: the gentees pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_12: the gentees pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent

file: 6599-38591-0013.flac
expected: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous accession
	layer_2: orders had been sent everywher to receive him as kings o francs a received on their joyous ascession
	layer_4: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as king's of france ae received on their joyous assession
	layer_6: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous acsession
	layer_8: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous accession
	layer_10: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous accession
	layer_12: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous accession

file: 5543-27761-0000.flac
expected: lelechka was a delightful child
	layer_2: wo luch go was a deitful child
	layer_4: lhelutch go was a dewightful child
	layer_6: lhelutchga was a dewightful child
	layer_8: lelutchgo was a delightful child
	layer_10: lolutchgo was a delightful child
	layer_12: lalutchgo was a delightful child

file: 5543-27761-0001.flac
expected: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_2: there was nother such child theig naverhadbeen and their never would by
	layer_4: there was now their such child theyre never had been and theyr never would be
	layer_6: there was no ther such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_8: there was noother such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_10: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_12: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be

file: 5543-27761-0002.flac
expected: lelechka's mother serafima aleksandrovna was sure of that
	layer_2: le lech gas mother sarfhe m alic senm jrove na was erof that
	layer_4: lel letchga's mother sarfew ma alicsam drovena was sur of that
	layer_6: lelechuca's mother sarfema ealexsam drovna was sure of that
	layer_8: lalechka's mother sarafhema alexandrovna was sure of that
	layer_10: lalechka's mother sarafema alexandrovna was sure of that
	layer_12: laletchka's mother sarafema alexandrovna was sure of that

file: 5543-27761-0003.flac
expected: lelechka's eyes were dark and large her cheeks were rosy her lips were made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_2: lolichhis eyes were dark in large her cheeks r rosy her lookd rmade for kises in for lafter
	layer_4: lolch his eyes were dark in large her cheeks arosy her liopd her made for kisses an for laghter
	layer_6: lolech his eyes were dark and large her cheeks ere rosy her lips her mad for kisses and for laughter
	layer_8: leluchhs eyes were dark and large her cheeks ware rosy her lips ere maid for kisses and for laughter
	layer_10: lelich's eyes were dark and large her cheeks are rosy her lips ere made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_12: lelich's eyes were dark and large her cheeks are rosy her lips were made for kisses and for laughter

file: 5543-27761-0004.flac
expected: but it was not these charms in lelechka that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_2: but it was not these chirmes n el luch get the gave her mother the kenes troy
	layer_4: but it was not these charms and wil letchget they gave her mother the keenas joy
	layer_6: but it was not these charms and wel lutchka that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_8: but it was not these charms ind willutchka that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_10: but it was not these charms in wollutschka that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_12: but it was not these charms in wollutchka that gave her mother the keenest joy

file: 5543-27761-0005.flac
expected: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_2: she foelt cold with her husban
	layer_4: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_6: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_8: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_10: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_12: she felt cold with her husband

file: 5543-27761-0006.flac
expected: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currents seemed to move in the air
	layer_2: he was always fresh and cool with a frided smile and wever he passed coled current seemd tomovehen the air
	layer_4: he was always fresh and cool with a fridgid smile and wever he passed cold current seemd t move in the air
	layer_6: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and whever he passed cold currents seemed t move in the air
	layer_8: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currants seeme to move in the air
	layer_10: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currants seeme to move in the air
	layer_12: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currants seem to move in the air

file: 5543-27761-0007.flac
expected: it even seemed to serafima aleksandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_2: it even seemee act serfhe ma ousand drovenaw that she was n lub witheir fe ture asban and this made her happy
	layer_4: it even seemd  atsiriphema alan drovena that she wasin love wth her future hesban and this made her happy
	layer_6: it even seemed to atserafhema alexen drovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_8: it even seemed t o at saraffema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_10: it even seemed to atsarafema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_12: it even seemed to atsara fema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy

file: 5543-27761-0008.flac
expected: the bride was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_2: the brad was als good looking she was a tall  darkid darkcheird girel some whant im ade but veryattactful
	layer_4: the brad was also good looking she was a tall h dark eyd dark hird girl some what t him id but very ctatful
	layer_6: the bread was also good looking she was a tall  dark eye dark haired girl some what timid but very tactful
	layer_8: the bread was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_10: the bread was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tractful
	layer_12: the bread was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tractful

file: 5543-27761-0009.flac
expected: he had connexions and his wife came of good influential people
	layer_2: he had connections iand his wife came of good imvllunshial people
	layer_4: he had connections and his wife came of good imvalential people
	layer_6: he had connections in his wife came of good infelential people
	layer_8: he had connections and his wife came of good infoluential people
	layer_10: he had connexions and his wife came of good influential people
	layer_12: he had connexions and his wife came of good influential people

file: 5543-27761-0010.flac
expected: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_2: this might at the proper oportunity provuseul
	layer_4: this might at the proper oportunity provevieuseful
	layer_6: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_8: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_10: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_12: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful

file: 5543-27761-0011.flac
expected: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergey modestovich to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_2: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sarg in lofv erstovich suggest anything rongd to his wlife
	layer_4: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sargan loverstovich tosuggest anything wrong to his life
	layer_6: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sargain leterstovitch to suggest anything wrongd to his life
	layer_8: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergan ledastovitch to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_10: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergen ledastovich to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_12: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergein ledrastovich to suggest anything wrong to his wife

file: 5543-27761-0012.flac
expected: later however when his wife was about to have a child sergey modestovich established connexions elsewhere of a light and temporary nature
	layer_2: later however when his wife was bou to have a child sargam wothe sto vitc es stalish conections elsewar of ta light antemprary nature
	layer_4: later however when his wife was about to have a child sargame wof the stovichas stablish connections elsewhere of ta light and tempeorary nature
	layer_6: later however when his wife was about to have a child sargame wot the stovitch established connections elsewhere of the light and temporary nature
	layer_8: later however when his wife was about to have a child sergam moestovitch established connections elsewhere of the light and temporary nature
	layer_10: later however when his wife was about to have a child serga motdestovich established connections elsewhere of the light and temporary nature
	layer_12: later however when his wife was about to have a child serga moderstovich established connections elsewhere of the light and temporary nature

file: 5543-27761-0013.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna found this out and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infant with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_2: serfhe mant alex and jrovena foud the souch and to her own estanshment os nopber ticulaly her she waiy ted her infinet with a restless entisipation at swallowed every other feeling
	layer_4: saraphemen elix an drovenauh found the souch and to her own esttonishment was not particularly her she awated her infint with a restless andtiicipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_6: sarafhema elexen drovna found the souch and to her own astonishment was not particularly her she awaited her infinit with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_8: sarafhema alexandrovna found the souch and to her own astonishment was not particularly her she awaited her infinite with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_10: saraphema alexandrovna found thi sout and to her own astonishment was not particularly hert she awaited her infanit with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_12: sara phema alexandrovna found thi sout and to her own astonishment was not particularly hert she awaited her infanit with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling

file: 5543-27761-0014.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_2: serfehi ga alc sinddreove negrifted farther and farther raway from him
	layer_4: sarphema allecand rome nedifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_6: sarfhema elexon drovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_8: sarfhima alexandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_10: saraphima alexandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_12: saraphima alexandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him

file: 5543-27761-0015.flac
expected: lelechka then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_2: luch goo then ran away stamping with her plump little liggsaver t e carpets and hid herself behind the curtans near her bed
	layer_4: hlutch good then ran away stambing with her plump little legs over t he carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_6: lutch good then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_8: lutch goo then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_10: lutchga then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_12: lutchkga then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed

file: 5543-27761-0016.flac
expected: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked for lelechka and made believe that she did not see her
	layer_2: we ais my ba be girl the mother askeais she looked fril e lutch gum may believe that she dod not seee her
	layer_4: whereis my baby girl the mother asked as she looked fil e lutchgan may believe that she did not see her
	layer_6: where is my baby girl the mother asked is she looked frill alutcha may believe that she did not see her
	layer_8: where is my baby girl the mother asked if she looked frill alachka may believe that she did not see her
	layer_10: where is my baby girl the mother asked if she looked for l alatchka mayd believe that she did not see her
	layer_12: where is my baby girl the mother asked if she looked for il alatchka maye believe that she did not see her

file: 5543-27761-0017.flac
expected: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lelechka
	layer_2: then she came aut a little farther and her mother as ough she had onlejoust caught sighte of her seizsd her by her little showlders ind exclaime joyously her she is miyh la letchkkap
	layer_4: then she came ot a little farther and her mother as though she had only jiust caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders an exclaimed joyously here she is my la letca
	layer_6: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lalechca
	layer_8: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lalechka
	layer_10: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my laletchka
	layer_12: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my laletchka

file: 5543-27761-0018.flac
expected: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_2: her mothers eyes glowd withpassionitamotion
	layer_4: her mother's eyes glowed with passionat emotion
	layer_6: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_8: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_10: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_12: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion

file: 5543-27761-0019.flac
expected: her mother went to hide
	layer_2: her mother wont to hide
	layer_4: her mother wont to hide
	layer_6: her mother want to hide
	layer_8: her mother went to hide
	layer_10: her mother want to hide
	layer_12: her mother want to hide

file: 5543-27761-0020.flac
expected: lelechka turned away as though not to see but watched her mamochka stealthily all the time
	layer_2: we letch ged turned aways theouh nutcha sea but whatch d imamuch e stutfhlly all the time
	layer_4: lhe lech good turned away as though not cha sy but watchd er amuchcustouthily all the time
	layer_6: leletch gad turned away as though not to see but watched herm mamochca stouthily all the time
	layer_8: loletchka turned away as though not to see but watched her mammoshka steauthily all the time
	layer_10: luluchka turned away as though not to see but watched her mammoshka steathily all the time
	layer_12: luluchka turned away as though not to see but watched her mammoschka stealthily all the time

file: 5543-27761-0021.flac
expected: where's my mamochka asked lelechka
	layer_2: where is man o mch ka ase le lutchkar
	layer_4: where is madean muchka askedla letchka
	layer_6: where is mam ma mochca aske laluchka
	layer_8: where is memma machka asked laluchka
	layer_10: where is memma mochika askd lalutchka
	layer_12: where is memma machika asked lalutchka

file: 5543-27761-0022.flac
expected: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_2: a smil of absole blss plate on her readdlis
	layer_4: a smile of abolu bliss playd on her redlips
	layer_6: a smile of absolubliss played on her red lips
	layer_8: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_10: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_12: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips

file: 5543-27761-0023.flac
expected: lelechka was getting nearer her mother's corner
	layer_2: letch gos getting nyear her mother's cona
	layer_4: th letcgo s getting near her mother's corna
	layer_6: the lechgo as getting near her mother's corner
	layer_8: the lechgo was getting near her mother's corner
	layer_10: the letchgo was getting nearer her mother's coner
	layer_12: the letchko was getting nearer her mother's conner

file: 5543-27761-0024.flac
expected: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_2: herw other was grwing mor obsorbed every moment by her interest in agaime her heart bet with shortk quick trukes and she pressed evendclosers to the wall do surranging her hair s dill more
	layer_4: her mother was grwling more absorbed every moment by her interest in tha gaime her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall tosurranging her haier still more
	layer_6: her mother was grwing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_8: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_10: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_12: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more

file: 5543-27761-0025.flac
expected: lelechka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy
	layer_2: but lech ca suddenly glance toward her mother's corner ancesgreenmdrwid joy
	layer_4: but letch ka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corneranc creemedwith joy
	layer_6: but lechka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner ance creemed with joy
	layer_8: butlatshka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner andce screamed with joy
	layer_10: but latshka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy
	layer_12: but latchka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy

file: 5543-27761-0026.flac
expected: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_2: through the half cles dos he har the laughter the joyse out crised the sound of romping
	layer_4: through the half close doors he hear the laughter the joyse outcrise the sound of romping
	layer_6: through the half close doors he heard the laughter the joyouce outcrie the sound of romping
	layer_8: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_10: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_12: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping

file: 5543-27761-0027.flac
expected: even fedosya felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_2: even fordociatelto beshd nowvfer her mistreus nowfor herself
	layer_4: even foidocia felto bashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_6: even fherdosia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_8: even fredosia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_10: even fedosia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_12: even fredosia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself

file: 5543-27761-0028.flac
expected: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by serafima aleksandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_2: he liked coming hare where everything was beautifuly arraged this was done by srfemal excen jrovena who wishe as surround er little girl from her rary invancy only with the lovelyast things
	layer_4: he liked coming here whereeverything was beautifully arranged this was doned by sarapema alexcan drovena who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_6: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by sarafhema elexcan drovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_8: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by sarafhema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_10: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by sarapema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_12: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by sarapema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things

file: 5543-27761-0029.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lelechka with the same end in view
	layer_2: sarete maoulxs an drawna drest herself tastefully this too she did ferl e luch ga would te same and inviyu
	layer_4: sarhy ma alix and dromenaddressed herself tastefully this too she did ferlalutchga wouthd the same and in view
	layer_6: sarathema alexendrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did furlelechka with the same end in view
	layer_8: sarathema alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lolutchka with the same end in view
	layer_10: sarathima alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for luletchka with the same end in view
	layer_12: sarathima alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lolotchka with the same end in view

file: 5543-27761-0030.flac
expected: one thing sergey modestovich had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_2: one thing sairgame ot a stovich had not become rakon siled to and this wass his wies o must continuous presence in the nurstery
	layer_4: one thing sargame wat a stovich had not become reconsiled to and this was his wifes omust continuous presents in the nursery
	layer_6: one thing sergam morostovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_8: one thing serga modastovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presents in the nursery
	layer_10: one thing serge morastovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presents in the nursery
	layer_12: one thing sergey morastovich had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presents in the nursery

file: 5543-27761-0031.flac
expected: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derisive and condescending smile
	layer_2: it's jrust as i tought i kneu that had find you here he said with a diresiven condes nding smile
	layer_4: it's just as i thought i knew that ha'd find you here he said with a duresivin condesanding smile
	layer_6: it's jrust as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derisiv in condescending smile
	layer_8: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derisivin condescending smile
	layer_10: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a de risevin condescending smile
	layer_12: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a de risvin condescending smile

file: 5543-27761-0032.flac
expected: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to serafima aleksandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_2: near l you see that the child sould feelits own indoviduality heexclained in answer tesserfhu e out sender of nas puzled clance
	layer_4: nearly you see that the charld should feiel its own individuality he exclained an answer deserfew ma out cendger ovnas puzzled glance
	layer_6: merely you see that the charld should feel its own individuality he exclaimed in answer to serafema out candrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_8: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to sarafema outsandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_10: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he exclained in answer to sarapfena alandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_12: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he exclained in answer to sarafena alx androvna's puzzled glance

file: 5543-27761-0033.flac
expected: she's still so little said serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: she still so little said serfhy ma ilecen jrova
	layer_4: she still so little said serfhy ma aloxan drova
	layer_6: she' still so little said serfema elexan drova
	layer_8: she's still so little said saraphema alexandrova
	layer_10: she's still so little said saraphema alexandrovna
	layer_12: she's still so little said saraphema alexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0034.flac
expected: i don't insist it's your kingdom there
	layer_2: i don'tinscist ass yoor king dom heere
	layer_4: i don't insist it's your king dthom here
	layer_6: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_8: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_10: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_12: i don't insist it's your kingdom here

file: 5543-27761-0035.flac
expected: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_2: othink et over his wife answerd smiling as he did coldly but gjeneialy
	layer_4: i'lthink it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but gineally
	layer_6: i'l think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but gineially
	layer_8: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_10: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_12: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially

file: 5543-27761-0036.flac
expected: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_2: then they began ho talk of somefing else
	layer_4: then they began tor talk of something else
	layer_6: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_8: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_10: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_12: then they began to talk of something else

file: 5543-27761-0037.flac
expected: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_2: that the mistre stus it while that's one thing but that the young lady dos it that' s pad
	layer_4: that the mistressdoes it while that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_6: that the mistress doesit whill that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_8: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_10: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_12: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad

file: 5543-27761-0038.flac
expected: why asked fedosya with curiosity
	layer_2: why ask fr dosiuith cariocity
	layer_4: why es fidosioth cariosity
	layer_6: why ased phidosioth curiosity
	layer_8: why esked fidosioith curiosity
	layer_10: why asked fedosio with curiosity
	layer_12: why asked fedosio with curiosity

file: 5543-27761-0039.flac
expected: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_2: thi s uxpression o cariosite gave her face te look of a woodin roughly pain to doll
	layer_4: this expression of cariosity gave her face the look of a woodden roughly pain to dull
	layer_6: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly pain tod doll
	layer_8: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted dull
	layer_10: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted dull
	layer_12: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted dull

file: 5543-27761-0040.flac
expected: yes that's bad repeated agathya with conviction terribly bad well
	layer_2: yes that's bad repeadedto goea ion viction terreibly bad wel
	layer_4: yes that's bad repeated to gaea wih conviction terribly bad well
	layer_6: yes that's bad repeated agaioih conviction terribly bad well
	layer_8: yes that's bad repeated egahieowith conviction terribly bad well
	layer_10: yes that's bad repeated de gahia with conviction terribly bad well
	layer_12: yes that's bad repeated de gachia with conviction terribly bad well

file: 5543-27761-0041.flac
expected: it's the truth i'm saying remember my words agathya went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_2: it's the true fim saing were member my word s a gaha went on with the same a sureans and secessy
	layer_4: it's the truetime siing weremember my words a gaia went on with a same asuransand secrecy
	layer_6: it's the trutht i'me sing remember my words a gapya went on with the same assurance an secrecy
	layer_8: it's the truth im sing remember my words agafia went on with the same assurance ind secrecy
	layer_10: it's the truth i'm syng remember my words agapha went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_12: it's the truth i'm sying remember my words agahea went on with the same assurance and secrecy

file: 5543-27761-0042.flac
expected: it's the surest sign
	layer_2: it's the sieurest signe
	layer_4: its the sherest sin
	layer_6: its the sheerest sign
	layer_8: it's the sheerest sign
	layer_10: it's the sheerest sign
	layer_12: it's the sheerest sign

file: 5543-27761-0043.flac
expected: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_2: theold woman haden vented the signe quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very prowt of it
	layer_4: the old woman hadenvented thes sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_6: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_8: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_10: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_12: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it

file: 5543-27761-0044.flac
expected: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_2: mada madam she said quintle in a chembling voice
	layer_4: mada madam she said quintly and a thembling voice
	layer_6: madame madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_8: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_10: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_12: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice

file: 5543-27761-0045.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna gave a start
	layer_2: serpfhe ma alic end jravean i gevea start
	layer_4: sirphe ma alic and droven i gave a start
	layer_6: serfhema elex an drovena gave a start
	layer_8: serphema alexandrovina gave a start
	layer_10: saraphema alexandrovna gave a start
	layer_12: saraphema alexandrovna gave a start

file: 5543-27761-0046.flac
expected: fedosya's face made her anxious
	layer_2: the dosis face made her anxious
	layer_4: phedoteus face made her anxious
	layer_6: pedoth's face made her anxious
	layer_8: bedochia's face made her anxious
	layer_10: pedochia's face made her anxious
	layer_12: fedochia's face made her anxious

file: 5543-27761-0047.flac
expected: what is it fedosya she asked with great concern is there anything wrong with lelechka
	layer_2: what is i fidosia she ase thi grea oncern as ter rny thing wrong wth lo lutcsh kat
	layer_4: bhat is it fidosia she aske with greek andcerm as there anything wrong with lo letchka
	layer_6: what is it pidocia she askedwith greak andcern as there anything wrong with li letchka
	layer_8: what is it fidosia she asked with greek concern as there anything wrong with lletchka
	layer_10: what is it fidosia she asked with greek concern is there anything wrong with lioletchka
	layer_12: what is it fidosia she asked with greek concern is there anything wrong with lioletchka

file: 5543-27761-0048.flac
expected: no madam said fedosya as she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_2: no madam said fdulcias she just ticulated with her hands to reassur her mistress and he make her si done
	layer_4: no madom said fidulcia she justiculated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_6: no madame said fidolcia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sitdown
	layer_8: no madam said fidocia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_10: no madam said fidelcia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_12: no madam said fidelcia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down

file: 5543-27761-0049.flac
expected: lelechka is asleep may god be with her
	layer_2: the luch ase a sleet make od be with her
	layer_4: the lutch gase ta sleept make od be with her
	layer_6: the letch cause asleep mayke od be with her
	layer_8: the lutchchas asleep maye od by with her
	layer_10: the luchkas asleep may god be with her
	layer_12: the lutchkas asleep may god be with her

file: 5543-27761-0050.flac
expected: only i'd like to say something you see lelechka is always hiding herself that's not good
	layer_2: only iad like to say somethang you see wetl luch kause always hihding herself that is not good
	layer_4: only i like to say something you see li letch gos always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_6: only id like to say something you see lelechugoes always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_8: only i'd like to say something you see leletchga is always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_10: only i'd like to say something you see lalechka is always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_12: only i'd like to say something you see lalechka is always hiding ourself that is not good

file: 5543-27761-0051.flac
expected: i can't tell you how bad it is said fedosya and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_2: i can'tell you how batit is said fidalsia and her face expressed the most dociveed confidence
	layer_4: i can't tell you how bat it is said phidesia ind her face expresse the most decited confidence
	layer_6: i can't tell you how bad it is said fidocia and her face expressd the most decided confidence
	layer_8: i can't tell you how bad it is said fidocia and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_10: i can't tell you how bad it is said pedosia and her face expressed t most decided confidence
	layer_12: i can't tell you how bad it is said pedolsia and her face expressed at most decided confidence

file: 5543-27761-0052.flac
expected: i understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_2: in der sand nothing of what you ar sang
	layer_4: indersand nothing o bat you are sayng
	layer_6: understand nothing of what you are sayng
	layer_8: understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_10: i understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_12: i understand nothing of what you are saying

file: 5543-27761-0053.flac
expected: you see madam it's a kind of omen explained fedosya abruptly in a shamefaced way
	layer_2: he see mada midts o cind of omen explains fidosiebrupply and a shame face itd way
	layer_4: he sea madaw mitds a kind of oman explains fhidosea bruptly and a shame face ed way
	layer_6: he see mada mits a kind of oman explained pidosiaa bruptly and a shame face id way
	layer_8: yo see madam its a kind of omin explains pidosia abruptly an a shamefaced way
	layer_10: you see madam mits a kind of omen explains fidosia abruptly in a shamefaced way
	layer_12: you see madam mits a kind of omen explains fidosia abruptly in a shamefaced way

file: 5543-27761-0054.flac
expected: nonsense said serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: nonsense saidserfe malex and jervna
	layer_4: nonsens said serfe ma alexan govena
	layer_6: nonsense said serfema alex ain govna
	layer_8: nonsense said saraphema alexand jreovna
	layer_10: nonsense said saraphema alexandrovna
	layer_12: nonsense said saraphema alexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0055.flac
expected: who told you all this asked serafima aleksandrovna in an austere low voice
	layer_2: who told you all this aser he ma alicangerv nan eno stear lowe voice
	layer_4: who told you all this asserifhe ma alicandrovna n enaustear low voice
	layer_6: who told you all this ased ser a fhema alexen drovna an enouster low voice
	layer_8: who told you all this asked sarofema alexandrovna in a n auester low voice
	layer_10: who told you all this asked serapema alexandrovna in an austier low voice
	layer_12: who told you all this asked serafema alexandrovna in an austier low voice

file: 5543-27761-0056.flac
expected: knows exclaimed serafima aleksandrovna in irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_2: nos exclaime serfhy ma alec s en drove non iritation as tleugh she wished to protect horself some hoal from the suddenenxiety
	layer_4: nos exclaimed serifhema elecsand drovenan irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from the sudden nxiety
	layer_6: nose exclaimed serifema elexcand drovnan irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_8: nows exclaimed saraphema alexandrovna in irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_10: nos exclaimed saraphemna alexandrovna in irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_12: nos exclaimed sarapema alexandrovna in irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety

file: 5543-27761-0057.flac
expected: what nonsense as though lelechka could die
	layer_2: at nonsense as though al muchpe could dye
	layer_4: what nonsense as though lelucced could die
	layer_6: what nonsense as though telugchced could die
	layer_8: what nonsense as though lelugchcid could die
	layer_10: what nonsense as though leluchket could die
	layer_12: what nonsense as though leluchket could die

file: 5543-27761-0058.flac
expected: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connexion between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_2: she saw clearly that there could be ne possible connection behwen a childs quite ordinare d ivursion and the continmuation of the childs life
	layer_4: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a childs quite ordinaryediversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_6: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connecion between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_8: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_10: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_12: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life

file: 5543-27761-0059.flac
expected: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts returned involuntarily to the fact that lelechka loved to hide herself
	layer_2: she made a special effor that evening to oclcuby her mind with other matters bhut har thoughtstd heurne amon tariles be hact that will luch coal loved to hit oerself
	layer_4: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned ad moln tarilies be that that will letch co love to hid herself
	layer_6: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned in molintarilis ba fhact that will letchco love to hide herself
	layer_8: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned in moluntarilys te fact that will letchko love to hide herself
	layer_10: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned involuntarily to the fact that willetchka love to hide herself
	layer_12: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned involuntarily to the fact that willutchka love to hide herself

file: 5543-27761-0060.flac
expected: when lelechka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden roguish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_2: when the luch to was sto quite small and have learnede distinguishd wehtween her mother in her nurse she sometimes sitting ind her nurs hs arms made a sudden roggish crimiss and hid her laughing face ind the nurs is shoulder
	layer_4: when the luchgat was still quite small an have learneda distinguish wetween her mother in her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurseh's arms made a sudden ruggish grimis and hit her laughing face in the nurs's shoulder
	layer_6: when the lucca was still quite small and havde learned a distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurs's shoulder
	layer_8: when lhelutchka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_10: when lulutchka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_12: when lulutchka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder

file: 5543-27761-0061.flac
expected: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_2: then she would look ot ith a slihe wance
	layer_4: then she would lookd out ith a sla glance
	layer_6: then she would look out with a sli glance
	layer_8: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_10: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_12: then she would look out with a sly glance

file: 5543-27761-0062.flac
expected: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not enter wholeheartedly into the spirit of lelechka's favourite game and she tried to divert lelechka's attention to something else
	layer_2: thugh she reproceh  heself at once for this unfounded seuperstitious tread never thelest she could not ender hoe heartedlinge the speared il luch cus favourt game and she trited di verit lieluch cause a tention to something elce
	layer_4: though she reproachd herself at once for this unfounded superstitiousdread neverthelesst she could not ender whole heartedly into the spired lil lutch ca's favorite game and she trited diverit liluche cause attention to something else
	layer_6: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious sdread nevertheless she could not ender whole heartedly into the spirid liolechca's favourite game and she triedto diverit lhelet case attention to something else
	layer_8: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender wholeheartedly into the spirit lalechka's favourite game and she trid to divert lalechka's attention to something else
	layer_10: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender wholeheartedly into the spirit leletchka's favorite game and she tried to divert lalechka's attention to something else
	layer_12: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender wholeheartedly into the spirit leletchka's favorite game and she tried to divert laletchka's attention to something else

file: 5543-27761-0063.flac
expected: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_2: she eagerly complied wi their mothers new wishes
	layer_4: she eagerly complied wit heir mothers newwishes
	layer_6: she eagerly complied with her mother's knew wishes
	layer_8: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_10: she eagerly complied with he mother's new wishes
	layer_12: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes

file: 5543-27761-0064.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna tried desperately to amuse lelechka
	layer_2: saerefhe my alecs end jro na tri desperately to imuse lluchca
	layer_4: sarphy ma alic and jomena tri desperately to  amuse alechka
	layer_6: sarphima alexan jovna tried desperately toamused alecika
	layer_8: saraphyma alexand jeovna tried desperately to amuse alechka
	layer_10: sarphima alex andjevna tried desperately to amuse iletchka
	layer_12: saraphima alex and djevna tried desperately to amuse laletchka

file: 5543-27761-0065.flac
expected: perhaps thought serafima aleksandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who are attracted by many things
	layer_2: perhaps thut sar fe ma alic sin jovna she 'is not as stroungly drahn to the world as other children who hradttracted by many things
	layer_4: perhaps thuht sarifema alecsen govna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who erettracted by many things
	layer_6: perhaps thought sarrafem alexangovna she is not a strongly drawn to the world as other children who rettracted by many things
	layer_8: perhaps thought saraphema alexandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who wer atracted by many things
	layer_10: perhaps thought saraphema alexandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who were attracted by many things
	layer_12: perhaps thought saraphema alexandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who were attracted by many things

file: 5543-27761-0066.flac
expected: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_2: if this aso is id not a signe ofwer ganic eekness
	layer_4: if this isso is it not a sign of organic eekness
	layer_6: if this isso is it not a signof organic weakness
	layer_8: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_10: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_12: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness

file: 5543-27761-0067.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_2: sarfhy malgs ind rov non hersof began the game once er twie thagh she plaedet with a heay heart
	layer_4: serfhy malcsan drovena herselft began the game once or twice thagh she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_6: serfe marxan drovna herself began the game once or twice thog she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_8: serphy malexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_10: serphy malexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_12: serphy malexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart

file: 5543-27761-0068.flac
expected: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_2: she suffered as though commiting an evil dee with full consciousness
	layer_4: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_6: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_8: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_10: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_12: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness

file: 5543-27761-0069.flac
expected: it was a sad day for serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: it was a sad day for cerfy molts and dovna
	layer_4: it was a sad day for serfe malics and drovena
	layer_6: it was a sad day for serfy malix an drovna
	layer_8: it was a sad day for sarp malexandrovna
	layer_10: it was a sad day for sarf malexandrovna
	layer_12: it was a sad day for sarf malexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0070.flac
expected: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_2: hew mother covered her with the ble blank t
	layer_4: her mother covered her with a blu blanket
	layer_6: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_8: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_10: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_12: her mother covered her with a blue blanket

file: 5543-27761-0071.flac
expected: lelechka drew her sweet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_2: lotl wuch could drew her sleeve little hands from under the blinket andstreched the mot hiam brace her mother her mother ben down
	layer_4: li luch culd drew her sleee little hands from under the blanket andstretched them out tohembrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_6: loletch coulddrew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_8: lalutchka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_10: lalotchka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_12: lalotchka drew her sweet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down

file: 5543-27761-0072.flac
expected: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_2: she seemed so smaon so frailander the boinkat that covered her
	layer_4: she seemed so smalng so frail under the blink at that covered her
	layer_6: she seemed so smal n so frail under the blank et that covered her
	layer_8: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_10: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_12: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her

file: 5543-27761-0073.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna remained standing over lelechka's bed a long while and she kept looking at lelechka with tenderness and fear
	layer_2: sarfhi alcs end grove normain standing av erleluch kas bad a long while and she ceapt looking ant llluch koet with tenderness n fear
	layer_4: sara fevalic and droven u eremain standing overleletchgas bad a long while and she cap looking at leluchkat with tenderness and fear
	layer_6: sarafia alexan drovna remains standing over lolechicasbad a long while and she capt looking at lylecca with tenderness and fear
	layer_8: sarah feba alexandrovna remains standing over lalechka's bad a long while and she kept looking at laletchka with tenderness and fear
	layer_10: sara fema alexandrovna remained standing over lalatchka's bad a long while and she kept looking at lalatchka with tenderness and fear
	layer_12: sara fema alexandrovna remained standing over lalutchka's bad a long while and she kept looking at lalatchka with tenderness and fear

file: 5543-27761-0074.flac
expected: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall lelechka
	layer_2: i' no mother is at possible that iiuldt be able to protecter she thought is she imagin the verious ils that might befollo lutchca
	layer_4: im no mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protector she thought as she imagined the various ills that might be follolatcika
	layer_6: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills at might be fall olachica
	layer_8: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might be fall olachica
	layer_10: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall alatchica
	layer_12: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall alachica

file: 5543-27761-0075.flac
expected: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_2: she prayed long bat night bt the prayer did not raleave her sadness
	layer_4: she prayed long bat night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_6: she prayed long tat night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_8: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_10: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_12: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness

file: 5543-27761-0076.flac
expected: several days passed lelechka caught cold
	layer_2: several dhase past wil luch ke coght col
	layer_4: several days past will letch ecoght cold
	layer_6: several days pased witl luchkacot cold
	layer_8: several days passed wit letchka cat cold
	layer_10: several days passed wilutchka cat cold
	layer_12: several days passed wilutchka cat cold

file: 5543-27761-0077.flac
expected: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_2: the fever came upon hant night
	layer_4: the fever came upon her ant night
	layer_6: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_8: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_10: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_12: the fever came upon her at night

file: 5543-27761-0078.flac
expected: when serafima aleksandrovna awakened by fedosya came to lelechka and saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_2: when serefhy malics and jrovena awakcen by fidosia came ted ll luch gthen saw her looking so hot sa rethslessin soir tarmenged she instintly recaled th yoevile oman and a hopeas despari tk possession of her from the first moments
	layer_4: when sarphy ma alics an jrovena awakened by fidosia camedo lletch gun saw her looking so hot so restless and so tarmented she instantly recalled evil omen and a hopelas despar tok possession of her from the first moments
	layer_6: when seraphema alexen govna awakened by phydosia came to leolechkan saw her looking so hot so restless ind so tormented she instantly recalledth ivil omen and a hopeless despaire took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_8: when saraphema alexan drovna awakened by pidosia came to lelatchkun saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_10: when saraphema alexandrovna awakened by phidosia came to lalatchk and saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_12: when saraphema alexandrovna awakened by phidosia came to lalatchka and saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments

file: 5543-27761-0079.flac
expected: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_2: a doctor was called and everything was don that his usual onc such ccasions but the in evible happen
	layer_4: adoctor was called an everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_6: a doctor was called ind everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_8: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_10: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_12: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened

file: 5543-27761-0080.flac
expected: and lelechka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_2: and thel luch ki grew seeblr from our to our
	layer_4: and the lutchga grew seebler from hour to hour
	layer_6: and theluchka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_8: and lelechka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_10: and luleshka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_12: and laleshka grew feebler from hour to hour

file: 5543-27761-0081.flac
expected: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fedosya uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself our lelechka
	layer_2: nothing made her so anhapy as ta rederations o fid lsia otoerd between sobs she hid herself andhit herself oura laletca
	layer_4: nothing made her so and happy as the reterations of fidosia ottered between sobs she hid herself and hit herself ourleletcca
	layer_6: nothing made her so unhappy as the reterations of pidosia uttered between sabs she hid herself and hid herself aur lelecica
	layer_8: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fidocia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself aurlalechka
	layer_10: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fidesia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself ar lalechka
	layer_12: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fidelsia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself aur lalechka

file: 5543-27761-0082.flac
expected: fever was consuming lelechka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke in delirium
	layer_2: fevere was conceeming whie lechka and there retimesand she los consciousness in spokendrlirium
	layer_4: fevere was conceeming weletgka and there e times end she lost consciousness an spokenteliarium
	layer_6: fevher was conseuming alecka and there were times hen she lost consciousness and spoke in o liirium
	layer_8: fever was consuming lalechka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spokein tdeliirium
	layer_10: fever was consuming laletchka and there were times when she lost consciousness in spoke in dolirium
	layer_12: fever was consuming laletchka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke in dolirium

file: 5543-27761-0083.flac
expected: three days passed torturing like a nightmare
	layer_2: three days pass torcuring likea nightmare
	layer_4: three days pas tortering like a might mare
	layer_6: three days pased torturing like a nightmare
	layer_8: three days passed torturing like a nightmare
	layer_10: three days passed torturing like a nightmare
	layer_12: three days passed torturing like a nightmare

file: 5543-27761-0084.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna hid her face behind the curtains near lelechka's bed how tragic
	layer_2: sorfemay alexcsin jroveni hid hor face behihnd the curan's near le lutch as bed how tragict
	layer_4: sarfema alec and gomen a hither face behind the curtains near lar letchas bed how tragict
	layer_6: sarphema elexand jovna hit her face behind the curtains near lelechicas bed how tragic
	layer_8: sarphima alexanjovna hid her face behind the curtains near lalechka's bed how tragic
	layer_10: sarphema alexandrovna hid her face behind the curtains near laletchka's bed how tragic
	layer_12: sarphema alexandrovna hid her face behind the curtains near laletchka's bed how tragic

file: 5543-27761-0085.flac
expected: a white mamochka whispered lelechka
	layer_2: a wite nmo moch ga whisperidle lutgha
	layer_4: a white mamuchga whispered lealetgca
	layer_6: a white mamochka whispered lalucica
	layer_8: a white mamochaca whispered lalachica
	layer_10: a white mamochiko whispered lalatchika
	layer_12: a white maumotchiko whispered lalatchika

file: 5543-27761-0086.flac
expected: mamochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lelechka
	layer_2: mo mach was wite face be came blrd and everything grew dark before la luchka
	layer_4: momuch gas white face became blured and everything grew dark beforeloluchica
	layer_6: momochka's white face became blured and everything grew dark before lolechica
	layer_8: momochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lalachica
	layer_10: moumochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before alaluchika
	layer_12: momochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lalutchka

file: 5543-27761-0087.flac
expected: she met her husband
	layer_2: she mat her husband
	layer_4: she met ter husband
	layer_6: she met her husband
	layer_8: she met her husband
	layer_10: she met her husband
	layer_12: she met her husband

file: 5543-27761-0088.flac
expected: serafima aicksandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_2: sarfim alecs and drovena wa standing by the coffnd and looking duliat her dead child
	layer_4: sarpema elex and drovena was standing by the coffint and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_6: sarphema elexan drovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_8: sarphima elexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_10: sarphima alexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_12: saraphima alexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child

file: 5543-27761-0089.flac
expected: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergey modestovich in a whisper
	layer_2: se lo my dear done d agetate yourself said saegan ata sovigin a whisper
	layer_4: seme my dear don' to agitate yourself said sargan ade stol vice ind a whisper
	layer_6: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergimmode stolvitch in a whisper
	layer_8: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergam matastovitch in a whisper
	layer_10: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said serge morto stovich in a whisper
	layer_12: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said serge morto stovich in a whisper

file: 5543-27761-0090.flac
expected: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_2: you must resign yourself to your fat
	layer_4: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_6: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_8: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_10: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_12: you must resign yourself to your fate

file: 5543-27761-0091.flac
expected: she'll be up in a minute persisted serafima aleksandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_2: she 'll be oupen a minute prsisted serfemalixcsen jrovena her eyes fixed on the deadlittle girl
	layer_4: she'll be up an a minute persisted sarfemalican govena her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_6: she'll be up in a minute persisted serfemaalex an govna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_8: she'll be up in a minute persisted sarafema alexandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_10: she'll be up in a minute persisted sarapema alexandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_12: she'll be up in a minute persisted saraphema alexandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl

file: 5543-27761-0092.flac
expected: sergey modestovich looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_2: seragame of astovicgh looked rownd him cautiously he was afraid of the ounseemly and of the rediculous
	layer_4: sirgame ut a stovich looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_6: sergame mota stovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemlyan of the ridiculous
	layer_8: serge moda stovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseenlen of the ridiculous
	layer_10: sergey mordistovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseem liin of the ridiculous
	layer_12: sergey modistovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseem liin of the ridiculous

file: 5543-27761-0093.flac
expected: sima don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_2: see my don agitat yourself he repeted
	layer_4: see my don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_6: see my don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_8: see i don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_10: seem a don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_12: seem a don't agitate yourself he repeated

file: 5543-27761-0094.flac
expected: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_2: he was confusdi a knowydt
	layer_4: he was confused di anoyed
	layer_6: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_8: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_10: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_12: he was confused and annoyed

file: 5543-27761-0095.flac
expected: her face seemed tranquil and her eyes were dry
	layer_2: her faceeeme trankle in her eyes were dry
	layer_4: her face seemed trankle on her eyes were dry
	layer_6: her face seemed trankle an her eyes were dry
	layer_8: her face seemed trankle and her eyes were dry
	layer_10: her face seemed trankle and her eyes were dry
	layer_12: her face seemed trankle and her eyes were dry

file: 5543-27761-0096.flac
expected: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where lelechka used to hide herself
	layer_2: she weont into the nurseryin began to wlk round the room looking into thus places werela lutch ga used to hid herself
	layer_4: she went into the nurserym began to walk round the room looking into those places were lo letchga used to hid herself
	layer_6: she went into the nurserm began to walk round the room looking into those places where lolechka used to hide herself
	layer_8: she went into the nurseryne began to walk round the room looking into those places where loletchka used to hide herself
	layer_10: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where laletchka used to hide herself
	layer_12: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where laletchka used to hide herself

file: 5543-27761-0097.flac
expected: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept on repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lelechka
	layer_2: she aled all about the room and ben now nd thanted look underd the ctabler undto the bed and cepthine repeting cherfully whereismy littl one where is my low lutchka
	layer_4: she walked all about the room and bent now and thengo look under the cable ar unto the bed and kepta in repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my low letchka
	layer_6: she walked all about the room and bent now and then o look under the tableer under the bed and kept rin repeating cheerfully where's my little one where is my loluchka
	layer_8: she walked all about the room and bent now and then o look under the table or under the bed and kept he un repeating cheerfully where 's my little one where is my lolatchka
	layer_10: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept hr iunrepeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lolatchka
	layer_12: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept er unrepeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lolatchka

file: 5543-27761-0098.flac
expected: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest anew
	layer_2: after she had walked hron the room one she begant make her quas in neaur
	layer_4: after she had walked row the room once she began to make her quest in u
	layer_6: after she had walked rond the room once she began to make her quest on yeu
	layer_8: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest on you
	layer_10: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her queston you
	layer_12: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest on you

file: 5543-27761-0099.flac
expected: fedosya motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_2: fid osia motionles wuthd the ducted face sat on a corner and looked frighte edot her misteress than she suddenly bursttat sobping and she wale lodly
	layer_4: phidosia motionless with dhe djected face sad an a corner and looked frighted at her mistress then she suddenly burst at sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_6: phidosia motionless with dejdective face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst at sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_8: phidosia motionless with dejectee face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst at sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_10: phidosia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_12: phidosia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly

file: 5543-27761-0100.flac
expected: she hid herself and hid herself our lelechka our angelic little soul
	layer_2: she hid herself and hid hersolf aur loe letch gar ar and jeloic little soul
	layer_4: she hid herself and hit herself ar loletchgar er and jealic little soul
	layer_6: she hid herself and hid herself or lolechga ar and jelic little soul
	layer_8: she hid herself and hid herself our laletchigar r angelic little soul
	layer_10: she hid herself and hid herself our laletchgar er angelic little soul
	layer_12: she hid herself and hid herself our laletchgar er angelic little soul

file: 5543-27761-0101.flac
expected: when she entered the parlour there were several people between her and lelechka
	layer_2: when she ender the porlo there wre several peoper between hur inle lutcha
	layer_4: when she enter the parla there was several peoper between her in lhelutchka
	layer_6: when she entered the parlour there was several peoper between her in leluchka
	layer_8: when she entered the parlor there was several peper between her and laluchka
	layer_10: when she entered the parlour there ware several peeper between her and lalachka
	layer_12: when she entered the parlour there ware several peeper between her and lalachka

file: 5543-27761-0102.flac
expected: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness in serafima aleksandrovna's head as she approached lelechka
	layer_2: thete was in a presefeeling of haviness in serfe malic samd jroveness hadas she approachdla luchka
	layer_4: there was an ap pressive feeling of heaviness and serafyw maleic some govenus had as she approached lelutchka
	layer_6: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and serafymal lic some jovna's had as she approached lelecka
	layer_8: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and serahema lik som jovna's head as she approached leletchka
	layer_10: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and seraphema like samdrovna's head as she approached laletchka
	layer_12: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and seraphema like samdrovna's head as she approached laletchka

file: 5543-27761-0103.flac
expected: lelechka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_2: woluch gal lay there stilan pale and smilep e feticaly
	layer_4: well luch go lay there still an pale and smile pafetically
	layer_6: wilechga lay there still an pale and smile pathetically
	layer_8: lolachka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_10: lolachka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_12: lolachka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically

file: 5543-27761-0104.flac
expected: the little one did not reply
	layer_2: the littl wonedid not rply
	layer_4: the little one did not reply
	layer_6: the little one did not reply
	layer_8: the little one did not reply
	layer_10: the little one did not reply
	layer_12: the little one did not reply

file: 5543-27761-0105.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly lelechka
	layer_2: serfmlxsanjrvna sot apareced side in a lostway smiled and caoed ladlwy lt lutchka
	layer_4: sarfe malixs an droven a sot ap arect sihe in a lost way smiled and cad laudly leletchka
	layer_6: sarfhe malxan dovna sood up erect side in a lost way smiled and caed loudly llechka
	layer_8: seraphy malexandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly llechka
	layer_10: seraphymalexandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly lletchka
	layer_12: saraphymalexandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly lletchka

file: 5543-27761-0106.flac
expected: lelechka was being carried out
	layer_2: lot lutch goes being carried out
	layer_4: let lutch gos being carried out
	layer_6: laletchgoe's being carried out
	layer_8: la letchgos being carried out
	layer_10: laletch gos being carried ot
	layer_12: laletch go's being carried ot

file: 6841-88294-0000.flac
expected: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_2: at this momat the heav i bet ofh stlawm on the roof ceased with m iratl as sudness leavein the ol sot world impty of sound sam for the drip dripp drip oviese
	layer_4: at this momwent the heavou beat ofthe storm on the roof seased with miractl afs suddeness leaving the altsiud world impty of sound same for the drip dripp drip of eves
	layer_6: at this moment the heavyu beat of the storm on the roof ceased with mirectulous suddeness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eves
	layer_8: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_10: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_12: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves

file: 6841-88294-0001.flac
expected: we had every sort of people with us off and on and as i was lookout at a popular game i saw them all
	layer_2: we had ever sort of peop e oith hi solft enon annd as i was look othat a poplher gam i' saw the mal
	layer_4: we had ever sort of people with isolften on and as i was look ou that a popler game i saw them all
	layer_6: we had ever sort of people with a sofpthen on and as i was look out that a popular game i' saw them all
	layer_8: we had ever sort of people with te sopenon and as i was lookngaut that a popular game i saw them all
	layer_10: we had ever sort of people with the solpanon and as i was looking out at a popular game i saw them all
	layer_12: we had every sort of people with the solpanon and as i was looking out at a popular game i saw them all

file: 6841-88294-0002.flac
expected: at the same instant i heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt a sharp stab in my left leg
	layer_2: at the same ins nan a heard the roip lf still thouwh clal and filt the sharp stabbhim he lift lg
	layer_4: at the same insnand to heard the rip of still throgh claw and felt the sharp stabb him a left leg
	layer_6: at the same instin end to heard the rip of still through cloth and felt the sharp stab him a left leg
	layer_8: at the same institent to herd the rip of steel through cloth and felt the sharp stab him a left leg
	layer_10: at the same instatant to heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt the sharp stab him a left leg
	layer_12: at the same instanant to heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt the sharp stab him a left leg

file: 6841-88294-0003.flac
expected: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_2: then i skoutted to see what rdo cup me and foun that the fill i ad lost to hand
	layer_4: then i scouted to see what had cut me and foundthat the fili had lost ta hand
	layer_6: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellw had lost a hand
	layer_8: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_10: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_12: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand

file: 6841-88294-0004.flac
expected: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_2: and place of at he were a sharp still hoook
	layer_4: and place of it he wore a sharb stell hook
	layer_6: and place of it he wore a sharb stell hook
	layer_8: and place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_10: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_12: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook

file: 6841-88294-0005.flac
expected: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathing hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_2: there was no doubt of s bee in a lif for he was bre an hart like aman dos when e get s hit oever the hid it in't soun good
	layer_4: there was no doubt of his be in a life for he was breht and hard like a man does when o gets hit over the hid it didn't sound good
	layer_6: there was no doubt of his being a live for he was breathe an hard like a man doez when he gets hit over the hed it didn't sound good
	layer_8: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathand hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_10: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathe ang hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_12: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breath and hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good

file: 6841-88294-0006.flac
expected: when a man breathes that way he's mostly all gone
	layer_2: when a man brees at way his motsty all gon
	layer_4: when a man breeades aut way he's mostly all gone
	layer_6: when a man breads that way he is mostly all gone
	layer_8: when a man breathes that way he is mostly all gone
	layer_10: when a man breathes that way he is mostly all gone
	layer_12: when a man breathes that way he is mostly all gone

file: 6841-88294-0007.flac
expected: men got batted over the head often enough in those days
	layer_2: mean got bettat overth herad aftan ienoghan thos days
	layer_4: men got bettet over h heaed often enough and those days
	layer_6: men got bettetd over the head often enough in those days
	layer_8: men got betted over the head often enough in those days
	layer_10: men got betted overhead often enough in those days
	layer_12: men got betted over head often enough in those days

file: 6841-88294-0008.flac
expected: sour wine is fine to put a wound in shape to heal but it's no soothing syrup
	layer_2: so ar win s find ae put awone an shape to hel but hits no sout in siriup
	layer_4: soer wine his find tho put a wound and shaped o heal but is no souit an syrup
	layer_6: sar wine is find that put a wound and shaped to heill but is no souit and syrup
	layer_8: saarwain is fined that put a wound in shape to heal but it's no souit in syrup
	layer_10: saerwan is fine that pu a wound in shape to heal but is no souit in syirup
	layer_12: sarwan is fine that puta wound in shape to heal but is no souitin sirup

file: 6841-88294-0009.flac
expected: their coffin was their ship and their grave it was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea down on the coast of the high barbaree
	layer_2: their coltin wors their ship and the grave thet was the sea blow high blow low whalt care we and the quarter that we gave them was the sint them in the sea don on the coast of the hi babbere
	layer_4: their colfin wars their ship and the grave thert was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the hibarberi
	layer_6: their coffin wers their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in thoe sea done on the coast of the high barberi
	layer_8: their coffin wears their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barberis
	layer_10: their coffin weres their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barberie
	layer_12: their coffin weres their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in tho sea done on the coast of the high barberie

file: 6841-88294-0010.flac
expected: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with the big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight and the shadows and him sitting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_2: it far made mahare rise o herhan with a big still solmn desitout sihe an the quiet moon light on tha shadtowes and him sit in up straightan got his ys blae in each sid has bidegle nos and is snak y hair hing on over the ral ut ocross es he had
	layer_4: it fair made my har rise to hearhim with ha bigs still salemn desert outside an the quiet moon light in the shadows and him set in up straight and gaunt his eyes blaze ind each side is big eagl knowse and his snaky hair higan over the rawl cut acrass his head
	layer_6: it fair made my haire rises to hear him with e big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him setting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazined each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hangin over the rawl cut across his head
	layer_8: it feir made my hair rise to hear him with the big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him setting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazingd each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the rawl cut across his head
	layer_10: idfair made my hair rise to hear him with the big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him sitting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_12: id fair made my hair rise to hear him with the big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him sitting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head

file: 6841-88294-0011.flac
expected: however i made out to get him bandaged up and in shape and pretty soon he sort of went to sleep
	layer_2: how wover o made out to git ing bandhag eup and and shape and pretty soon hie sort of onto sleep
	layer_4: how ever i made out to gettin banda jup and and shape and pretty soon hi sort of one tosleep
	layer_6: however ir made out to getting bandage up and in shape and pretty soon his sort of ont to sleep
	layer_8: however ire made out to getting bandage up and in shape and pretty soon his sort of ont to sleep
	layer_10: however are made out to getting bandage up and in shape and pretty soon his sort of wont to sleep
	layer_12: however are made out to getting bandage up and in shape and pretty soon his sort of ont to sleep

file: 6841-88294-0012.flac
expected: then again he'd sing that barbaree song until i'd go out and look at the old colorado flowing by just to be sure i hadn't died and gone below or else he'd just talk
	layer_2: and againnit seing that barb re som metoud gwad look at the ll calariut o floend byjust to be sure i at dadn' gombelow wor ailshe just talk
	layer_4: and again it sing that barbary so me til it go oden look at the oll colo rout of floen by a just to be sure i ha an't did ant gon below or alse just talk
	layer_6: hen again it sing that barbary so me tell it goout and look at the old colorot o flowing bya just to be sure i hadn't died an gone below er elsie just talk
	layer_8: then again hi'd sing that barbary saw me till i o go out and look at the old colloroda of flowing by just to be sure i hadn died an gone below or elsehe just talk
	layer_10: then again et'd sing that barbary saw me till i'd go out and look at the old colorada of flowin by jest to be sure i hadn't died in gone below or else he just talk
	layer_12: then again e'd sing that barbary saw me till i'd go out and look at the old colorada of flowin by jest to be sure i hadnt died in gone below or else he just talk

file: 6841-88294-0013.flac
expected: he began when he was a kid and he gave his side of conversations pausing for replies
	layer_2: he began whetn he was ackid and he gave has sidt of conversations palsand for e plise
	layer_4: he began when he was a kid and he gave his siht of conversations pulsand for rerplies
	layer_6: he began when he was a kid and he gave ha sihe of conversations pauls in for replies
	layer_8: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sight of conversations pallsand for replies
	layer_10: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sight of conversations pauls and for replies
	layer_12: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sight of conversations palls and for replies

file: 6841-88294-0014.flac
expected: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done
	layer_2: i used so listend by the hour but i never made out anything realling portanes to who tha man was awhere he com foron a what he done
	layer_4: i used to listend by the hour but i never made out anything realli igportantes to ho the man was a where he come forem a what he done
	layer_6: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really importantas to who the man was orwhere he come from or what he done
	layer_8: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he done
	layer_10: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done
	layer_12: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done

file: 6841-88294-0015.flac
expected: i didn't pay any attention to him for he was quiet
	layer_2: i d in payini attentin thm for his quiet
	layer_4: i d ent panthe attentiont thin for his quiet
	layer_6: i didnt pay inthe attention to on for his quiet
	layer_8: i didn't pay any attention to hm for heis quiet
	layer_10: i didn't pay any attention to hem for he was quiet
	layer_12: i didn't pay any attention to em for he was quiet

file: 6841-88294-0016.flac
expected: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything but something in his voice made me turn
	layer_2: usualhad idntbother with is tallk for ia didn mean anathing a semethin in is voice maeba turn
	layer_4: usually ad didn't bother with his talk for a didn't mean ny thing a something in his voice may me turn
	layer_6: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turn
	layer_8: usually i didn't bother with his tallk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turn
	layer_10: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turn
	layer_12: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turn

file: 6841-88294-0017.flac
expected: he was lying on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_2: he was ly an on a sid thos black eyes of he his blazon it me but now both of themsa the same distance
	layer_4: he was li on on aside those black eyeas of he is blazong at me but now both of them sal the same distance
	layer_6: he was lion on his side those black eyes of hhis blazon at me but now both of them sel the same distance
	layer_8: he was lyng on his side those black eyes of hiis blazong at me but now both of them salve the same distance
	layer_10: he was lying on his side those black eyes of his blazin at me but now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_12: he was lying on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance

file: 6841-88294-0018.flac
expected: where are my clothes he asked very intense
	layer_2: where my clo was y askd verringtents
	layer_4: where my clot was he asked verintens
	layer_6: where my clos he asked very intense
	layer_8: where my clothes he asked very intense
	layer_10: where are my clothes he asked very intense
	layer_12: where are my clothes he asked very intense

file: 6841-88294-0019.flac
expected: one little squeeze talk about your deadly weapons
	layer_2: one litle squeese tullk a bater dadily weapons
	layer_4: one little squeezse tak batcher dadly weapons
	layer_6: one little squeeze tuk batcher deadly weapons
	layer_8: one little squeeze talkabatcher deadly weapons
	layer_10: one little squeeze talkabacher deadly weapons
	layer_12: one little squeezed talkabacher deadly weapons

file: 6841-88294-0020.flac
expected: but he'd been too sick and too long abed
	layer_2: bhut he been to sircen to long abt
	layer_4: but he been to sicen too log abed
	layer_6: but he been too sick and too long a bed
	layer_8: but he'd been too sick and too long a bed
	layer_10: but he'd been too sick and too long a bed
	layer_12: but he'd been too sick and too long a bed

file: 6841-88294-0021.flac
expected: in a minute or so he came to
	layer_2: and a minner to soul he came to
	layer_4: and a minter to sel he came to
	layer_6: and a minur to sell he came too
	layer_8: in a minute o so he came to
	layer_10: in a minute or so he came to
	layer_12: in a minute or so he came to

file: 6841-88294-0022.flac
expected: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_2: now you're a nige sweet proposition said i as soonas iuias sure he couldonterstand me
	layer_4: now ou're a nic sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could utterstand me
	layer_6: now your a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_8: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_10: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_12: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me

file: 6841-88294-0023.flac
expected: they're safe enough let me have them he begged
	layer_2: ther safe en ough len me have thom he begd
	layer_4: ther' safe enough len me had them he begged
	layer_6: they'resafe enough lend me had them he bigged
	layer_8: they're safe enough len me have them he begged
	layer_10: they're safe enough lend me have them he begged
	layer_12: they're safe enough lend me have them he begged

file: 6841-88294-0024.flac
expected: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_2: no lookd her said i you ca't get up to day you an't fit
	layer_4: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_6: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_8: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_10: now look here said i you can't get up today you ain't fit
	layer_12: now look here said i you can't get up today you ain't fit

file: 6841-88294-0025.flac
expected: i know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_2: i know he pleated a limme see them
	layer_4: id know he pleated a litme see them
	layer_6: i know he pleaded ut live me see them
	layer_8: i know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_10: i know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_12: i know he pleaded but let me see them

file: 6841-88294-0026.flac
expected: just to satisfy him i passed over his old duds
	layer_2: just a satisfi imetha pased overes ol deds
	layer_4: just a satisfi nm thet pasetd over his old dids
	layer_6: just as satisfi im that pesst over his old dids
	layer_8: just tas satisfy him that passed over his old dids
	layer_10: just to satisfy him that passed over his old dids
	layer_12: just to satisfy him that passed over his old dids

file: 6841-88294-0027.flac
expected: i've been robbed he cried
	layer_2: ave been rod the cried
	layer_4: have been robed he cried
	layer_6: have been robbed he cried
	layer_8: have been robbed he cried
	layer_10: i ave been robbed he cried
	layer_12: i ave been robbed he cried

file: 6841-88294-0028.flac
expected: where's my coat he asked
	layer_2: wes macoat he esked
	layer_4: where'samacoat he asked
	layer_6: where's ma coat he asked
	layer_8: where's ma coat he asked
	layer_10: where's m a coat he asked
	layer_12: where's m a coat he asked

file: 6841-88294-0029.flac
expected: you had no coat when i picked you up i replied
	layer_2: you hed no cot when i pit you up i replied
	layer_4: you had no kot when i pit you up i replied
	layer_6: you had no coat when i pith you up i replied
	layer_8: you had no coat when i pitch you up i replied
	layer_10: you had no coat when i pitchd you up i replied
	layer_12: you had no coat when i pitch you up i replied

file: 6841-88294-0030.flac
expected: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him
	layer_2: he lokedth me mogtis tui spicious but didn't san ything more he would new an ancuer wen a spolke o him
	layer_4: he looked a men mudast uspicious but didn't say in ything more he would ne van answer when i spoke to him
	layer_6: he looked a meed mugty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn eevan answer when i spoke to him
	layer_8: he looked and eed mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him
	layer_10: he looked a be mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him
	layer_12: he looked a be mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him

file: 6841-88294-0031.flac
expected: after he'd eaten a fair meal he fell asleep
	layer_2: after he deedtn a far mail he felloas sleep
	layer_4: after he deedent a fair meile he fell a sleep
	layer_6: after he d dedent a fair mal he fell asleep
	layer_8: after he d eadnt a fair mall he fell asleep
	layer_10: after he'd eaten a fair mall he fell asleep
	layer_12: after he'd eaten a fair mall he fell asleep

file: 6841-88294-0032.flac
expected: when i came back that evening the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_2: when i came back that even en the bunk ossempti an he was galn
	layer_4: when i came back that even in the bunk isempty and he was gong
	layer_6: when i came back that even in the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_8: when i came back that eveng in the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_10: when i came back that evenin the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_12: when i came back that eveninn the bunk was empty and he was gone

file: 6841-88294-0033.flac
expected: i didn't see him again for two days
	layer_2: i d in seem aegan hortwo days
	layer_4: i din't seeme agan or two days
	layer_6: i dn't seem agan for two days
	layer_8: i didn't seem agan for two days
	layer_10: i didn't see m again for two days
	layer_12: i didn't see im again for two days

file: 6841-88294-0034.flac
expected: then i caught sight of him quite a ways off
	layer_2: tin a caug sat ofmn quettaways of
	layer_4: then a caut sat ofm quate a wayzof
	layer_6: then a caut sat of hm quite aways olf
	layer_8: then i caught sat him quite a ways off
	layer_10: then i caught sidt of him quite aways off
	layer_12: then i caught sidt of him quite aways olf

file: 6841-88294-0035.flac
expected: guess he suspicions i stole that old coat of his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_2: guess eesuspicirus ise still tha will cogdo his think si and aftrwars a found that mys surmishad been corrept
	layer_4: guess he suspicious i stole theat will cotto his thinks i and afterwards a found that myt surmise had been correcpt
	layer_6: guesse suspicious i stole that will cotorhis thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_8: guess i suspicious i stole that will coto his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_10: guessie suspicious i stole that will cote his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_12: guessi suspicious i stole that will cote his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct

file: 6841-88294-0036.flac
expected: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_2: ho wever he dent stay long an hat franof minde
	layer_4: however he ddnt stay long te that fram of mind
	layer_6: however he didn't stay long than that frame of mind
	layer_8: however he didn't stay long thin that frame of mind
	layer_10: however he didnt stay longr in that frame of mind
	layer_12: however he didn't stay longr in that frame of mind

file: 6841-88294-0037.flac
expected: i ran up pulling my gun
	layer_2: a ran u pol agon
	layer_4: aran a pum agune
	layer_6: arana pul magun
	layer_8: arana pul magon
	layer_10: aranah pul magon
	layer_12: arana pul magon

file: 6841-88294-0038.flac
expected: the mex was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_2: make was flight ons face is arm stritched oup
	layer_4: ta mexs was flat on's face his arms stritched out
	layer_6: the mix was flat on his face his arms stritched out
	layer_8: the mix was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_10: the mix was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_12: the mix was flat on his face his arms stretched out

file: 6841-88294-0039.flac
expected: on the middle of his back knelt my one armed friend
	layer_2: on the midl of his back nil a ont orn friand
	layer_4: on the middle of his back niwd my one arn frend
	layer_6: on the middle of his back naile my one arn friend
	layer_8: on the middle of his back nailed my one armed friend
	layer_10: on the middle of his back nailed my one armed friend
	layer_12: on the middle of his back nailed my one armed friend

file: 6841-88294-0040.flac
expected: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my colt's into the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_2: anyway at thress emuzel of mycoldt en to the saila's face what's thrs i askd
	layer_4: anyway a thres the muzle of my coltanto the sailoar's face what's this i asked
	layer_6: anyway i threst the muzzle of my colton to the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_8: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my coltin to the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_10: anyway i thrust the muzzle over my colt into the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_12: anyway i thrust the muzzle over my colts into the sailor's face what's this i asked

file: 6841-88294-0041.flac
expected: i ween heem at monte off antonio curvez said he
	layer_2: i en he mid mont y off an ton youl curvis said he
	layer_4: i wen hi midmonty off and tonir curvis said he
	layer_6: a win hi mid monty off antonial curvise said he
	layer_8: awin him m ad monty of antonia curvice said he
	layer_10: iwin him ad monty of antonia curvic said he
	layer_12: iwen him ad monti of antonia curvice said he

file: 6841-88294-0042.flac
expected: the gleam died from his eye the snarl left his lips
	layer_2: the glem died from his eye the snawll lift his wlips
	layer_4: the gleam died from his eye the snawl lift his lips
	layer_6: tha gleam died from his eye the snawl lift his lips
	layer_8: the gleam dyed from his eye the snaw lift his lips
	layer_10: the gleam died from his eye the snawl lift his lips
	layer_12: the gleam died from his eye the snaw lift his lips

file: 6841-88294-0043.flac
expected: in any case he flew poco pronto leaving me and my friend together
	layer_2: and any cas y fluw pocl prota leave mean my ferind together
	layer_4: an any case e flew pocal proto leave me i mi friend together
	layer_6: an any case a flew poco pronto leave me and my friend together
	layer_8: in any case he flew poco pronto leave me and my friend together
	layer_10: in any case they flew poco pronto leave me and my friend together
	layer_12: in any case they flew poco pronto leave me and my friend together

file: 6841-88294-0044.flac
expected: during the next two months he was a good deal about town mostly doing odd jobs i saw him off and on
	layer_2: drnd the next wo monthshe was a good deal about town mostte doan o jobs i saw i mof en ime
	layer_4: durng the next who month he was a good deal about town mostly doan ou jobs i saw i moff and ime
	layer_6: durng the next who month she was a good deal about town mostly doinau jobs i saw him off an im
	layer_8: during the next wo months she was a good deal about town mostly duanat jobs i saw him off an eygn
	layer_10: during the next two months she was a good deal about town mostly do mana' jobs i saw him off an eign
	layer_12: during the next two months she was a good deal about town mostly domanads jobs i saw him off an eighe

file: 6841-88294-0045.flac
expected: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down my card games
	layer_2: however i d in pa much attnthon to that bein at the time all might y busy hold down a cardgames
	layer_4: however i dd't pay much attention to that be an at the time all might y busy holdn down a card games
	layer_6: however i din't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holdig down ma card games
	layer_8: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holdin down ma card games
	layer_10: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down my card games
	layer_12: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down my card games

file: 6841-88294-0046.flac
expected: that's all right said i but you better stay right there
	layer_2: a's all wright said i whuch hu' biter stayuwrougt ther
	layer_4: that's all right said i but yo' better stay wrought there
	layer_6: that's all right said i but you'd better stay wrought there
	layer_8: that's all right said i but you'd better stay roght there
	layer_10: that's all right said i but you'd better stay rot there
	layer_12: that's all right said i but you'd better stay rot there

file: 6841-88294-0047.flac
expected: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he
	layer_2: iln want to make upto you fore trouble sit ye
	layer_4: i want to make up to you for e trouble cit he
	layer_6: i want to make up to you for yu trouble sid he
	layer_8: i want to make up to you for you trouble said he
	layer_10: i want to make up to you for yeu trouble said he
	layer_12: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he

file: 6841-88294-0048.flac
expected: what kind of a good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_2: wa conof good thing i askd treasure said he
	layer_4: hat count of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_6: what count of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_8: what count of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_10: what cont of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_12: what cot of good thing i asked treasure said he

file: 6841-88294-0049.flac
expected: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_2: he looked all riding ough now ther drun nera loko
	layer_4: he looked all rid enough now ther drunk norloco
	layer_6: he looked all right enough nowthe drunp norloco
	layer_8: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_10: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_12: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco

file: 6841-88294-0050.flac
expected: sit down said i over there the other side the table
	layer_2: set ounsaid i over there the othe sidt of he table
	layer_4: set on said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_6: set on said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_8: set ownt said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_10: set own said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_12: set own said i over there the other side of the table

file: 6841-88294-0051.flac
expected: he did so now fire away said i
	layer_2: he did so ta far waysaid i
	layer_4: he did so ta far away said i
	layer_6: he did so tha far away said i
	layer_8: he did so tefar away said i
	layer_10: he did so the far away said i
	layer_12: he did so the far away said i

file: 6841-88294-0052.flac
expected: and it's a big thing said handy solomon to me for they's not only gold but altar jewels and diamonds
	layer_2: and its of big thing said handty sooe meti me for thes not onl gol but altrojewls and daamans
	layer_4: and its of big thing sain handy solementimy for they'se not only gol but altro jewels and diamonds
	layer_6: and it's o big thinmg seint handisolomotimmi for they's not only gol but alter jewels and diamonds
	layer_8: and it's a big thing saind hande solomnon timmi for they 's not only gol but altr jewels and di'monds
	layer_10: and it's a big thing said handy solomon timy for they's not only gold but alter jewels and di'monds
	layer_12: and it's a big thing said handy solomon timmy for they's not only gold but altr jewels and di'monds

file: 6841-88294-0053.flac
expected: it will make us rich and a dozen like us and you can kiss the book on that
	layer_2: ili make as rich and hi doesn'tlikes and ecing kisst the book on that
	layer_4: it wil make is rich and i doesn't like us and e can kissed the book on that
	layer_6: it will make us rich and i doesn't like us and ye can kiss the book on that
	layer_8: it will make us rich and a doesn't like us and he can kiss the book on that
	layer_10: it will make us rich and a doesn't like us and he can kiss the book on that
	layer_12: it will make us rich and a doesn't like us and he can kiss the book on that

file: 6841-88294-0054.flac
expected: that may all be true said i but why do you tell me
	layer_2: thet may all be tru sit oi but whi dhe tell me
	layer_4: then may all be truecit i but why de tell me
	layer_6: then may all be true sida but why d ye tell me
	layer_8: thet may all be true sid i but why d ye tell me
	layer_10: then may all be true said i but why d ye tell me
	layer_12: then may all be true said i but why d ye tell me

file: 6841-88294-0055.flac
expected: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividing it
	layer_2: why on't to get yo treras wit thout he neede dvidenent
	layer_4: why don't to get you tresur hithout the need of dividenment
	layer_6: why don't yo get you treasure without the need of dividement
	layer_8: why don't you get you treasure without the need of dividement
	layer_10: why don't you get you treasure without the need of dividement
	layer_12: why don't you get you treasure without the need of dividment

file: 6841-88294-0056.flac
expected: why mate he answered it's just plain gratitude
	layer_2: why made he answerd is just plaing gretitude
	layer_4: why made he answered is just plain grathitude
	layer_6: why mate he answered is just playin gratitude
	layer_8: why mate he answered is just plaing gratitude
	layer_10: why mate he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_12: why mate he answered is just plain gratitude

file: 6841-88294-0057.flac
expected: didn't you save my life and nuss me and take care of me when i was nigh killed
	layer_2: din't you sayve a liugh an nust me and take careve me whent i was no killd
	layer_4: didn't you save ma liughe and nuse me and take care of me when i was no killed
	layer_6: did't you save my liufe and nuse me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_8: didn't you save my life and nust me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_10: didn't you save my life and nus me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_12: didn't you save my life and nus me and take care of me when i was not killed

file: 6841-88294-0058.flac
expected: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this if you're going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_2: look her anderson er hand y sollm an whatever you pleased to clyuself ou erejone to this oe forgoin'g to do businos if me and i do not understand yet just whatity as you want of me you'l have the talk straight
	layer_4: look here anderson or handy solemond a whatever you please to callyourself irejoint to this i for goingt to do busins with me and i do not understand yet just what it e as you want of me you'll have the talk straight
	layer_6: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this yeu fere going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me youw'll have to talks straight
	layer_8: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoin to this ou fure going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you 'll have to talk straiht
	layer_10: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this you fear going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you 'll have to talk straight
	layer_12: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this you fear going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight

file: 6841-88294-0059.flac
expected: it's all very well to say gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_2: it's all very well ta sae gratitune but thed don't go with me
	layer_4: it's all very well to sayke gratitude but they'd don't go with me
	layer_6: it's all very well to say gratitude but they don't go with me
	layer_8: it's all very well to say gratitude but tha don't go with me
	layer_10: it's all very well to say gratitude but that dont go with me
	layer_12: it's all very well to say gratitude but that dont go with me

file: 6841-88294-0060.flac
expected: the devil's a preacher if you ain't lost your pinfeathers said he
	layer_2: thet devils appreacure of  e lost apanfethes said he
	layer_4: the devils a preacher if ne los upen father said he
	layer_6: the devils a preacher if nay lost your pinfather said he
	layer_8: the devil's a preacher if ny lost your pen father said he
	layer_10: the devil's a preacher if na lost your pen father said he
	layer_12: the devil's a preacher if na lost your pen father said he

file: 6841-88294-0061.flac
expected: well it's this then i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stocked
	layer_2: wells this than i' got to have boat to gete there and she must be stopped
	layer_4: wells this then i got to have boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_6: well 's this then i got to have a boa to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_8: well i's this then i got to have a boa to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_10: well it's this then i got to have a bow to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_12: well it's this then i got to have a bow to get there and she must be stopped

file: 6841-88294-0062.flac
expected: and i got to have help with the treasure if it's like this fellow said it was
	layer_2: and a got to have help with ta treasur if hislike this fell set it worst
	layer_4: and a got to halve help with the treasure if islike his fellos said it was
	layer_6: and i got to have help with a treasure if is like this fellws said it wos
	layer_8: and i got to have help with e treasure if is liked his fellows said it wos
	layer_10: and i got to have help with the treasure if is liked his fellows said it was
	layer_12: and i got to have help with the treasure if es liked his fellows said it was

file: 6841-88294-0063.flac
expected: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unless i let somebody in as pardner
	layer_2: is money i got to have and is moneya haven't got and kain' gi an liss alit somebote an his parter
	layer_4: it's money a got to have ant its money a heavn't got and kin' gi an lis a lits somebody an is pardner
	layer_6: it's money i got to have and it's money o haven't got and kan't git and liss a lit somebody in his pardner
	layer_8: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unless a lit somebody in his pardner
	layer_10: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unless a lit somebody in his pardner
	layer_12: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unless i lit somebody in his pardner

file: 6841-88294-0064.flac
expected: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_2: while me asked whyl not he retorted
	layer_4: while me asked why not he retorted
	layer_6: why mi i asked why not he retorted
	layer_8: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_10: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_12: why me i asked why not he retorted

file: 6841-88294-0065.flac
expected: we talked the matter over at length
	layer_2: we htalk he matter over it leng
	layer_4: we talk the matter over at ling
	layer_6: we talk the matter over at length
	layer_8: we talkd the matter over at length
	layer_10: we talked the matter over at length
	layer_12: we talked the matter over at length

file: 6841-88294-0066.flac
expected: i stood out for a larger party
	layer_2: i stood affor a largeeporty
	layer_4: i stood af teor a larger party
	layer_6: i stood after a larger party
	layer_8: i stood after a larger party
	layer_10: i stood after a larger party
	layer_12: i stood after a larger party

file: 6841-88294-0067.flac
expected: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_2: he strongly apposed this as dappreciad in the shairs but i had no nttention of gon alonen to what was tancon sidere a will dan dangerous country fianaily we compermized
	layer_4: he strongdly opposed this as depreciat in the shars but i had no intention of going alone into what was din considered o waldan dangerous country finally wecompromised
	layer_6: he strongly opposed this as depreciate in the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered o walden dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_8: he strongly opposed this as depreciateig the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a waldan dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_10: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a walden dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_12: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a walden dangerous country finally we compromised

file: 6841-88294-0068.flac
expected: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the men whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_2: a thirt of the trsue was to go dto him a thir to me and the rest was tobe doevided among the man who ushould select this sckemed did not a pile o him
	layer_4: a third of the trersele was to go to him a third to me and the resto was tobe devided among the man whomu should select this scheme did not a pill to him
	layer_6: a third of the treisure was to go to him a third to me and the resto was to be divided among the man whom mi should select this scheme did not appill to him
	layer_8: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the man whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_10: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the man whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_12: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the man whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him

file: 6841-88291-0000.flac
expected: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and dropped back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_2: tbhe sinster existor prus nao resmonsability we each reportedt dutifully at the roll call of habit and row back into our blinkits oit the greateful sihe
	layer_4: bu sinsther existe for us no responsibility we each reportet dutifully at the rolle call of habit and draw back into our blinkets with he grateful side
	layer_6: bet since there existor for us no responsibility we each report it dutifully at the rolle call of habit and draw back into our blinkets with a grateful sighe
	layer_8: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the rolle call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_10: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the role call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_12: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the role call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh

file: 6841-88291-0001.flac
expected: i remember the moon sailing a good gait among apparently stationary cloudlets i recall a deep black shadow lying before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowing of cattle in the corrals
	layer_2: o remembe the moon sal ind a good gade among epparonly stationary cloudlets a recall it deep blak shad o lione betfore distant silvery mountains i glancs over the stark motionaous canvases each o which concildoman they ir trimbled with he bellomen of cattle ind the corowls
	layer_4: i remember the moon silin a good gate among apparently stationary cloudlets i recall a deep black shadow lion before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionaless canveses each of which consild a man they aird trembled with the belloent of cattle in the carrawls
	layer_6: i remember the moon silant a good gate among apparently stationary cloudlds i recall a deep black shadow lion before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionaless canvases each of which concealed a man the aird trembled with the bellomon of cattle ind the corrals
	layer_8: i remember the moon sailing a good gate among apparently stationary cloudlads i recall a deep black shadow lion before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowmen of cattle and the corrals
	layer_10: i remember the moon sailing a good gate among apparently stationary cloudlas i recall a deep black shadow line before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowmen of cattle and the corrals
	layer_12: i remember the moon sailing a good gate among apparently stationary cloudlads i recall a deep black shadow line before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowmen of cattle and the corrals

file: 6841-88291-0002.flac
expected: seemingly but a moment later the cook's howl brought me to consciousness again
	layer_2: soimenly but a momen late the cooks hol brougbt me tho councious ness again
	layer_4: siily but a moment lader the cooks howle broubhb me to consciousness again
	layer_6: simmingly but a moment later the cookshowl brugb me to consciousness again
	layer_8: semmingly but a moment later the cookshawl brougbd me to consciousness again
	layer_10: semmingly but a moment later the cook's haill brought me to consciousness again
	layer_12: seemmingly but a moment later the cook's hail brought me to consciousness again

file: 6841-88291-0003.flac
expected: three were to care for the remuda five were to move the stray herd from the corrals to good feed three branding crews were told to brand the calves we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_2: thre wer to care for th remoda five ware to move the straight herd from the crowse to good feed three bran cres ere told o bran the cas hwe had collected ind the cut ofd the afteroonmefor that'tooka about halef the man
	layer_4: three were to care for the remoda five ware to moved the straight heard from the crows to good feed three bren crews ore told to bran the cas we had cllected and the cut of the afteroon before that tookuep about half the men
	layer_6: three were to care for the remuda five were to move the straight heard from the crawls to good feed three brenn crews ere told to bran the cas we had collected ind the cut of the afteroom before that took up about half the men
	layer_8: three were to care for the remoda five were to move the straight herd from the crals to good feed three brendan crews were told to brand the calst we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_10: three were to care for the ramoda five were to move the straight herd from the carrals to good feed three brend and crews were told to brand the cast we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_12: three were to care for the ramoda five were to move the straight herd from the carrals to good feed three brend and crews were told to brand the cask we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men

file: 6841-88291-0004.flac
expected: the rest were to make a short drive in the salt grass
	layer_2: the ris ere to make a shore drive an a solt grass
	layer_4: the rist were to make a shore drave in te solt grass
	layer_6: the ristware to make a shore driv in the salt grass
	layer_8: the rist were to make a short drive in the salt grass
	layer_10: the wrists were to make a short drive in the salt grass
	layer_12: the wrists were to make a short drive in the salt grass

file: 6841-88291-0005.flac
expected: we were the only ones who did go afoot however although the corrals were not more than two hundred yards distant
	layer_2: we were the ounnonce who did go a fout however a though the crowes were not more tan two hundred yargdes distance
	layer_4: we were the ony once who did go a foot however although the crows were not more than two hundred yarde as distance
	layer_6: we were the ony oncs who did go a foot however although the crows were not more than two hundred yards s distance
	layer_8: we were the only once who did go afoot however although the craws were not more than two hundred yards as distance
	layer_10: we were the only ones who did go afoot however although the corals were not more than two hundred yards at a distance
	layer_12: we were the only ones who did go afoot however although the corals were not more than two hundred yards at a distance

file: 6841-88291-0006.flac
expected: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men building a fire next the fence
	layer_2: whuhtwen the u rit bars of greeas wood withcoald see the cattele and ear the ops ios side the min build in af fir  nixt the fnce
	layer_4: bhetwen the upright bars of greeasewood we could see the cattle and year the opps is side the men built en a fire a next the fence
	layer_6: between the upright bars of grease wood we could see the cattle and near the opposise side the men build in a fire a dnext defence
	layer_8: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men built ing a fire next the fence
	layer_10: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men build in a fire next the fence
	layer_12: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men build in a fire next the fence

file: 6841-88291-0007.flac
expected: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_2: we pused up im the wite gat an ennerd
	layer_4: we pushed up em the wie gate an entered
	layer_6: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_8: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_10: we pushed opend the wide gate and entered
	layer_12: we pushed opened the wide gate and entered

file: 6841-88291-0008.flac
expected: one stood waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long j h stamping irons in his hand
	layer_2: wencetod witen fomthend te finish at she f o lon jege step an irons ind his hand
	layer_4: wincetood wit en for em to finish a shef of long jged step and irons in hits hand
	layer_6: hence stood witten for them to finish a shef of long gge stampand irons in hits hand
	layer_8: hone stood waitting for them to finish a sheaf of long j ge stampin irons in his hand
	layer_10: wone stood waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long g stamp in irons in his hand
	layer_12: wone stood waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long g stampind irons in his hand

file: 6841-88291-0009.flac
expected: all the rest squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chatting together
	layer_2: all the ra squated on their hels an mong the fine smillk at sigaratsan chaten angether
	layer_4: all the res squated on their hels along the fince smokean cigarates and chaten agether
	layer_6: all the rest squatted on their hills along the fince smok and cigarattes and chaten tagether
	layer_8: all the rests squatted on their heells along the fence smoke and cigarettes and chatten together
	layer_10: all the rest squatted on their heels along the fence smoke and cigarettes and chatten together
	layer_12: all the rest squatted on their heels along the fence smoke ang cigarettes and chatten together

file: 6841-88291-0010.flac
expected: the first rays of the sun slanted across in one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_2: a first ras of the son signed to cross an one great sweep from the remoedmounis
	layer_4: a first rays of the sun signedt across and one great sweep from the remoe mountains
	layer_6: at first rays of the sun signed across and one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_8: at first rays of the sun signed across and one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_10: at first rays of the sun signed across and one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_12: at first rays of the sun sigted across and one great sweep from the remote mountains

file: 6841-88291-0011.flac
expected: homer wooden and old california john rode in among the cattle
	layer_2: humer woodnt ha nold kallth font hy john road ing among the kattle
	layer_4: homer wooden the old cellothfornte john rod ing among the cattle
	layer_6: homer wooden an old californty john rode ing among the cattle
	layer_8: homer wooding and old californy john rode in among the cattle
	layer_10: homer woodan and old california john rode in among the cattle
	layer_12: homer woodan and old california john rode in among the cattle

file: 6841-88291-0012.flac
expected: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_2: as he loupd settled he jurkd sharply upward exactl is one would strikt t hook a bigk fish
	layer_4: as the loop settled he gerkd sharply upward exactly his one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_6: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_8: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_10: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_12: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish

file: 6841-88291-0013.flac
expected: homer wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and sat over in one stirrup to avoid the tightened line and to preserve the balance
	layer_2: hum bae rept the oe twise wr thric abouthe horn and set over and one striped of void the tihdinline anto preserve the bouns
	layer_4: home araptd the roke twice were thricse about the horn and set over ind one stripd avoid the tiht and line and to preserved the bouandcs
	layer_6: home erapped the roue twice ore thrice about the horn and set over in once stripped avord the tiden line and to preserve the bouands
	layer_8: home wrapped the rogue twice or thrice about the horn and set over in one strip ta void the tidt and lione and to preserve the balandce
	layer_10: home wrapped the ropue twice or thrice about the horn and set over in one strip to void the tidend line and to preserve the balance
	layer_12: home wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and set over in one strip to void the tidend line and to preserve the balance

file: 6841-88291-0014.flac
expected: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_2: no bhad he paed iny attintent to the cafh
	layer_4: nobod he paied iny attentiont to the calf
	layer_6: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_8: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_10: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_12: nobody paid any attention to the calf

file: 6841-88291-0015.flac
expected: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_2: be hind him folowed his anxious mother her had swing an from sidede side new the fire te horse stoped
	layer_4: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swing and from side to side nar the fire the hoarse stopped
	layer_6: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swing ind from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_8: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swingingd from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_10: behind him followed his anxious mother her heads swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_12: behind him followed his anxious mother her heads swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped

file: 6841-88291-0016.flac
expected: the two bull doggers immediately pounced upon the victim
	layer_2: the two buld ogers hnmedialy posnts upon the victom
	layer_4: the two bul dagers immedily powns upon the victom
	layer_6: the two bull doggers immedadely pouncs upon the victim
	layer_8: the two bull doggers immediately pounce upon the victim
	layer_10: the two bull doggers immediately pounce upon the victim
	layer_12: the two bull doggers immediately pounce upon the victim

file: 6841-88291-0017.flac
expected: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_2: it was promptly flouped over on ts right side
	layer_4: it was promptly flopped over on its rightside
	layer_6: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_8: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_10: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_12: it was promptly flopped over on its right side

file: 6841-88291-0018.flac
expected: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_2: this the caf was uneable o strogble
	layer_4: thus the cah was unable to struggle
	layer_6: thus the calth was unable to struggle
	layer_8: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_10: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_12: thus the calf was unable to struggle

file: 6841-88291-0019.flac
expected: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or two broken you cease to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_2: when want you have had the win nocted outof you or raber to broken you seased a think the sonecessarely rouh
	layer_4: when ont you have had the windknocked out of you or raibeor too broken you seased to think this anecessarily rough
	layer_6: when want you have had the wind nocked out of you or a reaib or too broken you ceased to think this unecessarily rough
	layer_8: when ont you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or too broken you ceased to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_10: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or too broken you ceased to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_12: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or too broken you ceased to think this unnecessarily rough

file: 6841-88291-0020.flac
expected: hot iron yelled one of the bull doggers
	layer_2: hot irn yolld oneo the buld aoggrs
	layer_4: hot iron yoeld one of the bull dogrs
	layer_6: hot iron ye eld one of the bulldogers
	layer_8: hot iron he eled one of the bull doggers
	layer_10: hot iron elled one of the bulldoggers
	layer_12: hot iron elled one of the bulldoggers

file: 6841-88291-0021.flac
expected: marker yelled the other
	layer_2: marker yll theother
	layer_4: markar yell the other
	layer_6: marker yeell he other
	layer_8: marker yelled the other
	layer_10: marker yelled the other
	layer_12: marker yelled the other

file: 6841-88291-0022.flac
expected: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_2: the bran ta presse the airnd sootely against the flink
	layer_4: the brandto pressed the iran smootly against the flank
	layer_6: the brandepressed the iran smootly against the flank
	layer_8: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_10: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_12: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank

file: 6841-88291-0023.flac
expected: perhaps the calf blatted a little as the heat scorched
	layer_2: fperhaps the ca't blade a little lesst that he't scortced
	layer_4: perhaps he capk bladed a little as that head scorched
	layer_6: perhaps a cat blated a little less that heed scorched
	layer_8: perhaps the cak bladed a little less that he'd scorched
	layer_10: perhaps the cak bladed a little less hat hea'd scorched
	layer_12: perhaps the cak bladed a little less that head scorched

file: 6841-88291-0024.flac
expected: the brand showed cherry which is the proper colour to indicate due peeling and a successful mark
	layer_2: the bran showl chery which is the propercolorto indtocate du pelen and isuccessful mark
	layer_4: the bran show cheery which is the proper color to indicate duo pelint and a successful mark
	layer_6: the brand showd cherry which is the proper color to indicate de peland and a successful mark
	layer_8: the brand show cherry which is the proper color to indicate due peland and a successful mark
	layer_10: the bran showed cherry which is the proper color to indicate due pelan and a successful mark
	layer_12: the brand showed cherry which is the proper color to indicate due pelan and a successful mark

file: 6841-88291-0025.flac
expected: then he nicked out a swallow tail in the other
	layer_2: hen h niedhout a swal tell in the other
	layer_4: they henickedhout a swal tell in the other
	layer_6: they henicked out a swall till on the other
	layer_8: then e nicked out a swall tal on the other
	layer_10: then he nicked out a swall tal on the other
	layer_12: then he knicked out a swall tal on the other

file: 6841-88291-0026.flac
expected: it seems to me that a great deal of unnecessary twaddle is abroad as to the extreme cruelty of branding
	layer_2: it seem some the great duil  u necessary twotls broad as to the extrem creltyof brandon
	layer_4: it seems to me ther great dul of anecessary twattles abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_6: it seems to me the great deal of unnecessary twadtl as abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_8: it seems to me the great deal of unnecessary twaddl as abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_10: it seems to me the great deal of unnecessary twaddle as abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_12: it seems to me the a great deal of unnecessary twaddle as abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon

file: 6841-88291-0027.flac
expected: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful and could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_2: undoutably at is to some extin painfl it could some mothe mithod of ready a dinfication be divised it migt be as well to adopt id ind preference
	layer_4: undoubtably it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready a dinification be divised it might be as wel to adoptded and preference
	layer_6: undoubtably it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready a denification be devised it might be as welt to adopt it inmpreference
	layer_8: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready i dentification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_10: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_12: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference

file: 6841-88291-0028.flac
expected: inextinguishable laughter followed the spread of this doctrine through arizona
	layer_2: in extinguish ble lafht r fall thespritd of his doped om throughar asona
	layer_4: inextinguishable laught r fall the sprid of this doct on through arizona
	layer_6: inextinguishable laught r fall the spreat of this doctrn thrug arizona
	layer_8: inextinguishable laughter fall the sprit of this doctrine through arizona
	layer_10: inextinguishable laughter fall the sprit of this doctrine through arizona
	layer_12: inextinguishable laughter fall the sprit of this doctrine through arizona

file: 6841-88291-0029.flac
expected: imagine a puncher descending to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range or in a round up
	layer_2: a megin a punture ascendento exem politly the eiartags of wil cattle on the open range rin around up
	layer_4: amegine a puntore da cendento examn politely the irtags of wild cattle on the open range ere in around up
	layer_6: imaginea puncher descend into examind politely the earr tags of wild cattle on the open range were in around up
	layer_8: imagine a puncher descend nto examine politely the earr tags of wild cattle on the open range were in around up
	layer_10: imagine a puncher descended to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range were in a round up
	layer_12: imagine a puncher descended to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range werein a round up

file: 6841-88291-0030.flac
expected: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably goes to feeding or to looking idly about
	layer_2: a caffisually bels when the arond bits but as soon as release e almost an verably ghost to fede or to lookanitaly about
	layer_4: a cafesually bellos when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost anveriablygost o feten or to look anidilly about
	layer_6: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably ghost of feetin or to look an idily about
	layer_8: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably ghost of feting or to look in idily about
	layer_10: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably ghosts of fetin or to look in idly about
	layer_12: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably ghosts of fetin or to look in idly about

file: 6841-88291-0031.flac
expected: besides which it happens but once in a lifetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort denied to those of us who have our teeth filled
	layer_2: be sids which it happens but woncs in a live time and his over ntin seconte acconfor did nit to those of vus wo oave had our teeath fiel
	layer_4: thesides which it happens but once in a live time and his over intin seconds accomvfor did nit to those of us wo have had our teethfield
	layer_6: besides which it happens but once in a livetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort deniht to those of us who have had our teethfield
	layer_8: besides which it happens but once in a livetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort deny to those of us who have had our teeth field
	layer_10: besides which it happens but once in a lifetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort deny to those of us who have had our teeth field
	layer_12: besides which it happens but once in a livetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort deny to those of us who have had our teeth field

file: 6841-88291-0032.flac
expected: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_2: one of the little animals was but a few monthsould so the ridre did not bo the with hits higne legks but tolsis lup over its neck
	layer_4: one of the little animalst was but a few months old so the riter did not bo the with its higne legs but tes his loup over its neck
	layer_6: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the riter did not bouther with its hind legs but talse his loop over its neck
	layer_8: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_10: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_12: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck

file: 6841-88291-0033.flac
expected: mister frost's bull calf alone in pictorial history shows the attitudes
	layer_2: mister fros is bul calf a lon and picgtworof history shows the atitudes
	layer_4: mister froste bull calf alone and picg torolf history shows the attitudes
	layer_6: mister fros's bullcalf alone and picued torral history shows the attitudes
	layer_8: mister frost's bullcalf alone and pictorial history shows the attitudes
	layer_10: mister frost's bullcalf alone at pictoral history shows the attitudes
	layer_12: mister frost's bullcalf alone at pictoral history shows the attitudes

file: 6841-88291-0034.flac
expected: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehending excitement and the absolute matter of fact imperturbability of horse and rider
	layer_2: and then of course there was ta gorgees contrast between all this frintac and uncomperhinan excidement and the absolute matter offact ind perput tobility of horsan wrier
	layer_4: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehineon excitement and the absolute metter offact in perpetability of horse an wrider
	layer_6: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehenian excitement and the absolute matter of fact in proputability of horse and wrier
	layer_8: and then of course there was te gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehended excitement and the absolute matter of fact and perputability of horse and rider
	layer_10: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehended excitement and the absolute matter of fact and perputability of horse and rider
	layer_12: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehended excitement and the absolute matter of fact and perputability of horse and rider

file: 6841-88291-0035.flac
expected: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beast went over promptly bit the ground with a whack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_2: as he new was business and as the cafh as a smalgmon the little be s whent overpromptly bit the groun ot the wack and was pouns upon in heild
	layer_4: as he knew has business and as the calth was a small won the little beastwent over promptly bit the ground ith the wack and was pounsd upon inhild
	layer_6: as he knew his business and as the cat was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with ta wack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_8: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the wack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_10: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the whack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_12: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the whack and was pounced upon and held

file: 6841-88291-0036.flac
expected: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorously and end by struggling back to the upright
	layer_2: he would kte himself hen one foot scrandl viggl was sly and inb strgglen back to the oprid
	layer_4: he would katch himself on one foot scrambwil viga lusly and in by strugglim back to the upride
	layer_6: he would catch himself on one foot scraml vigoloussly and in by strugglin back to the upride
	layer_8: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorlously and inn by struggling back to the upriht
	layer_10: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorously and in by struggling back to the uprihe
	layer_12: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorously and in by struggling back to the upride

file: 6841-88291-0037.flac
expected: you can imagine what happened next
	layer_2: he cold a mage n what hapan next
	layer_4: he can amagin what happen nextt
	layer_6: he coaln imagine what happened next
	layer_8: he can imagine what happen next
	layer_10: he can imagine what happened next
	layer_12: he can imagine what happened next

file: 6841-88291-0038.flac
expected: this is productive of some fun if it fails
	layer_2: this is prodectofof snd fone of ite fails
	layer_4: this is prodectoveof son fond of it fails
	layer_6: this is productiveof son fond of it fails
	layer_8: this is productive of sane fond of it fails
	layer_10: this is productive of some fond of it fails
	layer_12: this is productive of some fond of it fails

file: 6841-88291-0039.flac
expected: by now the branding was in full swing
	layer_2: but now the brann was a for swi
	layer_4: but now the braddon was a for swin
	layer_6: but now the brandon was at foreswing
	layer_8: but now the brandon was at fulrswing
	layer_10: but now the brandon was at ful swing
	layer_12: but now the brandon was at full swing

file: 6841-88291-0040.flac
expected: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_2: when th nesus fell they turnin walked towar the fire as a mattr of course rarely id the cast faill
	layer_4: when the noses fel they turn in walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_6: when the noses fell they turnd and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_8: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_10: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_12: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail

file: 6841-88291-0041.flac
expected: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_2: men ran to ind fro buzsy en intent
	layer_4: men ran to and fro busy en antent
	layer_6: men ran too and fro busy and intent
	layer_8: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_10: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_12: men ran to and fro busy and intent

file: 6841-88291-0042.flac
expected: sometimes three or four calves were on the ground at once
	layer_2: sometime strew four cas werun the grounded ontcs
	layer_4: sometimes threewr four cars were on the ground at once
	layer_6: sometimes threg four cas were on the groundat once
	layer_8: sometimes threu r four cavs were on the ground at once
	layer_10: sometimes thre or four caves were on the ground at once
	layer_12: sometimes three or four caves were on the ground at once

file: 6841-88291-0043.flac
expected: dust eddied and dissipated
	layer_2: thus adiddicippated
	layer_4: dust eigdtendicipated
	layer_6: dust idtinn discipated
	layer_8: dust aiden dissipated
	layer_10: dust aidian dissipated
	layer_12: dust aidian dissipated

file: 6841-88291-0044.flac
expected: no more necked calves they announced
	layer_2: tnhe more nac caes they nounced
	layer_4: ne more nit caves they nounced
	layer_6: no more nick taves they anounced
	layer_8: no more nick taves they announced
	layer_10: no more nick talves they announced
	layer_12: no more nick talves they announced

file: 6841-88291-0045.flac
expected: then he would spit on his hands and go at it alone
	layer_2: then he was spin his hands and go aded oalon
	layer_4: then he wasd spit on his handsand go at ed alon
	layer_6: then he wuld spent on his hands and go atet alon
	layer_8: then he would spit on his hands and go ait it along
	layer_10: then he would spit on his hands and go at it alone
	layer_12: then he would spit on his hands and go ate it alone

file: 6841-88291-0046.flac
expected: if luck attended his first effort his sarcasm was profound there's yore little calf said he
	layer_2: of luckc adtened his first effrd ias sora casim ost per found there is yoor litle aft said he
	layer_4: of luc antended his first effort is sor casm was prfound there's your little caf said he
	layer_6: of luck attended his first effort is sorrow casm was profound there's your little calf said he
	layer_8: of luck attended his first effort his sarrowcasm was profound there's your little calv said he
	layer_10: of luck attended his first effort his sarocasm was profound there's your little calv said he
	layer_12: of luck attended his first effort his sarocasm was profound there's your little calv said he

file: 6841-88291-0047.flac
expected: would you like to have me tote it to you or do you reckon you could toddle this far with yore little old iron
	layer_2: which you leckt to have me toet o tooyo or d you wreckan you coa tot lof this far with you ar littlowd irn
	layer_4: which you lekt to have me tot to to you or doou reckon you could totle this fare with you re little oad iron
	layer_6: which you lick to have me toto to you or doyoe reckon you could totle this far with your little od iron
	layer_8: would you like to have me totit to you or do you rickon you could tottle this far with your little od iron
	layer_10: would you like to have me toted to you or doyou reckon you could tottle this far with your little od iron
	layer_12: would you like to have me toted to you or d you reckon you could tottle this far with your little oad iron

file: 6841-88291-0048.flac
expected: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_2: towardineow in the work slacked
	layer_4: toward knoin the work slacketd
	layer_6: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_8: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_10: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_12: toward noon the work slacked

file: 6841-88291-0049.flac
expected: finally homer rode over to the cattleman and reported the branding finished
	layer_2: finaly homa rod over to the caloement and reporte the brand in finished
	layer_4: finally homorode over to the cattlment and reported the brand in finished
	layer_6: finally home rod over to the cattlement and reporte the brandan finished
	layer_8: finally homer rode over to the cattle men and reporte the brandon finished
	layer_10: finally homer rode over to the cattleman and reported the brandon finished
	layer_12: finally hoomer rode over to the cattlemen and reported the brandin finished

file: 6841-88291-0050.flac
expected: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_2: the lattr countof the mrks in his tolli book
	layer_4: the latter counte the marks in his taly book
	layer_6: the latter count erd the marks in his tally book
	layer_8: the latter counted the marks in his talley book
	layer_10: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_12: the latter counted the marks in his tally book

file: 6841-88291-0051.flac
expected: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_2: one hundred an seveny six he eanounced
	layer_4: one hundred and seventy six he an ounced
	layer_6: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_8: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_10: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_12: one hundred and seventy six he announced

file: 6841-88291-0052.flac
expected: the markers squatted on their heels told over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_2: the markae squated on ther hels told ove the bitso vers tley at saved
	layer_4: the marckers squatted on their hels told over the bidtse eres lhey had saved
	layer_6: the markes squatted on their heills told over the bits evers they had saved
	layer_8: the morkers squatted on their heels told over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_10: the markers squatted on their heels tolld over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_12: the markers squatted on their heels tolld over the bits of ears they had saved

file: 6841-88291-0053.flac
expected: the total amounted to but an hundred and seventy five
	layer_2: but toble a mouned to but in hundr an seveny five
	layer_4: but total amounted to but an hundred and seventy five
	layer_6: but total amounted to button hundred and seventy five
	layer_8: but total amounted to but on hundred and seventy five
	layer_10: but total amounted to buton hundred and seventy five
	layer_12: but total amounted to buton hundred and seventy five

file: 6841-88291-0054.flac
expected: finally wooden discovered it in his hip pocket
	layer_2: fonly wooldn't descoverditn as had pocket
	layer_4: foinally wouldn't discovered it and has hid pocket
	layer_6: finally wouldn' discovered it in his hit pocket
	layer_8: finally woudn't discovered it in his hitp pocket
	layer_10: finally woont discovered it in his hip pocket
	layer_12: finally woodnt discovered it in his hip pocket

file: 6841-88291-0055.flac
expected: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning but did not seem to be tired
	layer_2: they had been do in arestler's heave you work all the mornin thay did not seene to betire
	layer_4: they had been doind a restlers heav you work all the morning thay did not seen to be tired
	layer_6: they had been doing a restler's heavy work all the morning they did not seen to be tired
	layer_8: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_10: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_12: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired

file: 6841-88291-0056.flac
expected: i saw once in some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an oarsman's in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_2: a some wencs a some crainck visicil cultre periouticle that a caboys life was visicaly ld bounce likcan orsmens in that id extur scis dnonly certai muses of the body
	layer_4: of some once an some crink vhisical culture perioticle that a caboy's life was vysically illd bouance like an orsmans in that hit exrcised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_6: off some once a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill baluanced like an orsmans in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_8: off some once a some crankd physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an orsman' in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_10: off someoce a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an oardsman' in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_12: off someace a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an oardsman's in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body

